e e
kiss it kiss it better baby good morning
folks how are you
just do an audio check real
quick make sure Patrick's logged in so
you can see what's going on
today trend line breakouts and bull
Flags he
says oh you better get ready for this
one
oh oh man I slept so good last night I
slept so
good all right so it is 25 minutes after
9 in the east coast of North
America is your friendly neighborhood
ICT the Ghost with the most so we're
looking at
uh something of a gap that might
be helpful for us
today all right so we have previous
settlement at 568 and 3/4 or thereabouts
so what is
that
um 68 yeah 68
50 so let's get in here and Mark that up
get ourselves
ready got a lot of lipstick on this pig
look at
this all righty we have that price right
there
that's
previous
[Music]
settlement so it's opening
range
Gap settlement okay and usually I'll
have this set up like this well in
advance but today I was doing some
trades and sharing with my private group
and then uploading the the executions on
the YouTube channel
which are not Market replay all you gota
do is look in the upper left hand corner
market replay doesn't do that all right
so um let's see I want to do that but
you're not doing it live you're not
letting me copy you
ICT nice and
[Music]
bold and then here
middle
right all right and then what I'll do is
I will
get this in the general proximity of
where
prices in electronic trading
hours and
then it'll be there for me and I need to
grab it so when 9:30 opens and just a
few minutes two and a half minutes I'll
just drag
[Music]
this chances are will be where we're at
here under that previous settlement so
this will be opening G range
low
okay so I'm moving it away from price
that way you're not confused it's just
way for me to stay ready
to plot it on the chart and there
so this is previous settlement price way
up here
inside the new day opening gap of August
16 notice that it's like inside that
little
Gap so there that's the low that's the
high that new new day open Gap and then
the opening range previous day
settlement pric is in
there so this would be a very nice Gap
if we can stay real close to where we
are here be nice very very deep
discounted opening range
Gap and you're probably going to hear my
wife and know I'm not going to go into
another area of the house because I have
to be comfortable while I'm doing this
it's about me okay it's all about me
you're just uh he dropping on a
conversation have up too many people in
the comment section they entitlement
minded I want you to do it like this or
if you don't do it like that go some go
watch somebody else lot other people out
there to
watch all right just another 45 seconds
or there about and we'll have the
opening
bell U I'll cover the uh the trades I
took this morning why are you trading
pression I thought you said pre- session
is 7 o'clock now pre-session is anything
before the opening bell but you can set
up operating hours as early as 7 o' and
work between 7:00 and 9:30 you or 10:00
something that effect
all right so we're getting real close to
it
Mildred I've noticed since I started
live streaming and I'm telling you what
levels to watch they're running into the
Open Range Gap a lot faster because they
know I'm trying to teach all of you the
fleece
it's okay you'll be able to do it for
the rest of your life you ain't got
nothing to worry about okay and then
obviously this Su now is opening range G
[Music]
High all right so we have a
discount opening range got you can see
it right here so we opened here all the
way up to
here so
now that's the
business so we can go over to to
electronic trading hours
now this is the gap and you can do the
quadrant levels on
it stupid ad from
Obama we have a100 million but we need
more money
yeah somebody's getting paid so this
line right here that is the midpoint of
the opening range Gap okay so it's
consequent
encroachment and we are always watching
to see if it wants to retrade to that
inside of the opening range okay opening
range is
[Music]
930 to 10
o'cl it is not 15 minutes
it's a 30 minute
interval there you go 70% of the
time it will trade up and touch that mid
Gap it matters not for a bias you don't
need a bias you don't need to have the
daily range bias you don't need to have
the session bias okay um right now
you're just studying how price is
delivered I guess it should be done like
this uh there you
go this should be
on the opening price right not there
Michael come
on like this is your first day doing
this
930 opening price right
there okay so that would we have
everything outlined technically and you
can see that that level
here is the mid Gap or consequent
encroachment so far A little unorganized
in the opening
session nothing terribly exciting yet no
initial fair value Gap formed
just want take a peek uh we do
have
um minor cells high here initially so
when it's like this without a fair value
Gap you can drop down clear the cell
side and then return back up and hit the
mid Gap that's usually um a nice little
Dandy of a profile to study so that's
always in the Forefront of my mind when
we're watching scenarios like this
doesn't necessarily mean you got to take
a trade but for the purposes of like
Caleb you can watch and anticipate study
and see what it
does main thing is just Caleb you're
building your experience watching price
action okay uh the first order of
businesses always determine that there's
a gap we have a significant Gap it means
it's more than 20 or 30 handles and
midgap is always our first threshold do
we want to trade there does it do it in
the first 30 minutes and it's 7%
likelihood that it does that
okay and you can make it
exciting by putting on
alert so if it hits that and Crosses
every by one tick it gives you like that
little excitement like that's an alarm
Bell
yay from me
go ahead and say something they'll hear
you my
wife go ahead say something they've
heard you in the background
before get out of
here come on I'm trying to do something
uh yes I'm live I'm not recording it's
it's live oh now it's a different story
right anyway
we had the lower quadrant traded too and
we can see that
[Music]
here so lower quadrant here
and that's the roll to the cell side and
then maybe come back to a half closure
on the gap or maybe dig in a little bit
deeper um I'm not trying to have a bias
so far I'm going to just sit still and
relax and take it as it
comes if you look at the
uh
[Music]
yes that's even uglier see
that so it's swept it's minor cell side
liity in
here in
Q I prefer those down there so we'll
we'll be watching that and see what we
[Music]
get so the only Gap that's used so far
for mq is this one right in here and
that's outside of the opening range so
9:30 to 10:00 we're not
so not so concerned about
that opening range Gap extend that
over I would like to seen it tap that
one one more time at least like maybe
one of these candles hidden it that
would have been better we still can do
it in
here so you would have
[Music]
this bottom left
make it a little bit
bigger so far no fair B Gap formed on
your one minute chart from 9:30 to 10: I
did an execution on ES because I have a
few students and one of the ladies that
is pretty active in leaving me comments
and feedback she asked if I could uh
bring in the uh ES
so I just threw that one in there today
just
to spice things up now watch that Gap
here that it used initially there we
went through it see if it acts as
inversion in here to send us into the
cell
side be mindful also that the economic
calendar today we have consumer
confidence or I think that's what it is
um at 10
o00 so we will be uh there you go look
at that want to screenshot
that so the setup was here it's a very
small Scout but it's still these things
they they build your confidence it
allows you to see things not everything
that you're studying in price action
real time is an executable trade
initially you have to build some kind of
rapport with price building this kind of
like this bridge of communication where
you're not just blindly staring at
charts and thinking okay well I don't
know I'm looking for other just wait for
it to start moving and Chase it because
it's momentum you know that's that's
what a that's what cows do and sheep do
livestock do that you know when the when
the Huds bandman the person that is
Raising that animal and they have lots
of them you know it's time to feed them
they call for them and soon as the first
one starts running they all oh that's it
must be the time to eat that's herd
mentality that's what retail Traders do
okay and Retail Traders are momentum
style breakout style type Traders
and while that
is profitable it could it could happen
for you it doesn't make any sense to me
to do that it makes better sense if you
know that it's likely to have a run do
the due diligence that determine where
the the Market's going to run too right
and then try to position yourself
opposing that
initial run lower you want to be you
looking for things to get in going
[Music]
lower and that would look something like
this
okay so do we cross over this Gap once
we went through it yes so these are the
first elements to understanding how the
fair value gats can
invert and they Chang their state where
it was used there as
support discount rally took about
relative equal highs in here and any buy
side was resting in here the
bodies go just a little bit above send
us lower that Gap it's in it's not
inside the 9:30 to 10:00 opening range
so I'm just counseling you Caleb to look
at what it's using while it's forming
its first 30 minute range but when it
became apparent that it trades below it
here real time watch this now it acts as
an inversion so if you're using that
consequent cachent or midpoint of that
area here to the low of that gap which
is that candle's high and you're framing
that as a paper trade or if you're
uh like um tape reading it you're not
even pushing a button yet you're
watching how it refers to the easiest
low hanging for objective to use for
price would be the high of that
candle if you look at up here upper left
hand
corner it's
19493 even so from four uh 493 even to
running the low out
here it's 76 so it's going to go below
76 how far can it go below 76 and you go
back to the left side you look for any
inefficiency any singular low or
relative equal low for actual pending
orders that would be in the marketplace
in the form of sell
stops but I taught
you when you're
using ranges like
this a quick down and dirty way of
uh of doing it would be to do a
quadrant for the range you're working
within so there it is so here's your
range from low to High real quick easy
easy easy target
shooting there's your uh objective and
it goes down just a little bit below but
that's fine and if you're if you're
looking for something that
repeats you know watching price
initially if you have no fair value Gap
formed thus far this is the one that
could have formed and right now in 9:30
to 10 this is your
first presentation right there so you
want to have that noted but it wasn't
given us anything yet so my attention
had been placed there you were all
watching it it TR from here if you go
from
the 493 even as your hypothetical tape
reading or hypothetical demo entry or if
that's your actual trade
entry you would have
493 where is that 493 high on that
candle which is the easiest one to reach
to Once below so it trades up into that
and then below this low one tick below
that that could be a partial and then
you do your one quadrant extension of
the range and it'll give you 460 and a
quarter
so what's it about
30 30 plus handles that's pretty good
that's better than the average YouTuber
so and I'm not I'm not trying to be
derogatory when I say that I'm just
stating that the folks that you're
probably used to seeing take trades you
that's well within the the realm
of reasonable it's beyond the scope of
what their steady diet is um I'm
convinced that they're studying my stuff
now because there're starting to get a
little bit longer runs which is what I
want them to do I want everybody out
there you don't have to love me you
don't have to even and cosign and say
I'm using ICT stuff I can tell you're
using my stuff other people can tell it
too I will never troll you but
uh all I want to do is see you guys do
better and guys doesn't necessarily mean
male the females
too all right so we have that Gap right
here you yet to annotate that so you
have to be mindful of this
one and you want to extend that out
in perpetuity throughout the day and
we'll keep it gray
gray man
style all right and that's the business
for today and then we'll just sit and
observe what we got so far
here so we had
upper upper we had lower quadrant on
opening range Gap here so between this
level here which is the middle of that
opening range the difference between
where we stopped trading yesterday at 4
I'm sorry 4:14 p.m.
to where we open at 9:30 today Eastern
Standard Time that gives us our Gap and
you want to put your quadrant on it you
went to the lower quadrant could it
trade to the midpoint no so so far we
have initial
heaviness and we want to really pay
attention on how we trade here after
breaking through this cell side if we
start to climb back
up midpoint is still a measurement as
long as it doesn't come back up here
this is going to stay heavy all
day this is actually on the wrong spot I
apologize it's confused
you trying to talk about this stuff and
draw all this stuff on my chart when
it's not necessarily there for me it's a
little cumbersome for me so there is
your 930 the opening tick is where it's
at so that is the opening range gatw so
if you've been looking at that you're
wondering like what is that it doesn't
make any sense it's because I'm trying
to outline everything also reading it
over a one minute chart and it's a lot
to do it's a lot of plates spinning
right now so with same same
logic all right so we had one more reach
down below shortterm
low 15 minute time frame
so we have this low
here so last
Friday's 8:30
low see how clean that is right
here I believe that might be something
that we could be using using soon um I'm
not going so far say it's for today but
uh that is something that my eye is
really drawn to When we dropped into
this time frame so it's like it snaps
right to that so just be mindful that we
could visit the
19105 area or their BS go on the five
minute
[Music]
chart okay
don't need
[Music]
this I like that give a little bit of
Animation now this can reverse its role
again should we get back above it it
could go right back into what it
initially started
as something to look as a discount when
it was
here hit it rallied higher went through
it inversion break lower he trades back
above it remember this is first
presentation here this fair value Gap is
the first one inside of 9:30 to 10 o'
okay so we are inside the first gap of
the
day still ins High opening range half of
the opening range Gap still yet to be
traded to
I have a lot of
new new students they're leaving
comments why why do you show examples in
demo or why am I only showing examples
in paper trading I don't always show
just in paper trading I don't always
show just demon trading I have examples
of Trades where I've used a live broker
with real money that's not demo it's not
not paper
trading but because you're probably new
and you probably never heard me say this
and because you're asking brand new
which video should I watch that means
you probably didn't hear me say what I'm
about to say here but other people know
about it in the United States there's a
a governing body called the cftc uh
commodity Futures Trading commission and
they are kind of like the police of the
financial markets for futures and Forex
and I am not a licensed trade adviser or
a financial adviser so to protect myself
and you as a viewer I teach in the
medium of paper trading or demonstrating
but when I want to show and have shown
with real money real live account uh you
can look at it in the lower left hand
corner it'll say amp or you can go look
at the uh tdmr trade playlist where I
literally logged in and show three
months of every fluctuation in
price but for my protection I don't want
to get in trouble financially or with
the the legal Watchdogs like cftc
NFA and the people that are new to this
stuff are
just just dumb as rocks they don't get
it like everybody I hear that's
pretending that they're educating people
and not really putting the disclaimers
up and reminding folks that it's for
informational purposes only they're
really putting themselves in Jeopardy of
being tapped by one of these bodies
which are essential now we're touching
went above the initial Fair Bay Gap here
came down just hit it so I would like to
see do we have the ability to run back
into the Gap here buy side is here and
then the 70% likelihood of hitting that
midpoint Gap could come to fruition
before 10
o00 but it's to like I don't need you if
you're brand new or if you you're just
hanging around or whatever um I still
get one or two comments oh it's just
paper trading oh it's just demo so I
want to see you come out here with the
demo account and call every little tick
and trade them with a very small stop
loss and show beforehand explain it this
is what it's going to do and why and it
nullifies it cancels out your argument
because if I can't do it in this where
it protects me to teach the concepts
broadly and it's not deemed as Financial
advice I'm not giving you trade signals
I'm not putting you into a trade where
if you use real money trying to copy me
and if you
lose you could if I was pretending to be
a financial adviser and I'm saying I'm
doing this with my real money right now
I'm enticing you to do something and
acting as a financial adviser when I'm
not licensed to do stuff I did that that
that's the reason why I don't do these
things I'm not look I like teaching but
I'm not trying to have things put
against me because people are
irresponsible so I'm the one being
responsible in our
relationship so see the reaction off of
the uh in inial Fair Val Gap so this is
first presentation we opened I told you
when we go back above it watch this here
it hits it bang run to short-term buy
side 70% of the
Gap just fell short of it I think she'll
hit it you think she'll hit
it why do I take trades before I live
stream because some of you think I don't
know how to trade and I like to do this
in that Patrick
of full flag required no trend line
breakouts back into New Day opening gap
on the 27th and an opening range Gap
High which is previous day's settlement
at 9 at at 414 p.m. that would be a full
Gap
closure so far we had 3/4 of the Gap
closed the remaining portion
is there okay so 7 s
easy for me to say 70% of the time
between 9:30 and
10:00 whenever you have your opening
range Gap and it's more than 30 handles
you have all the things you know on the
checklist okay it's likely to do what
draw into that Gap how much half of it
minimum you got 70% chance that's going
to happen now let's roll back for a
moment if you are expecting that as your
model okay say you were heavily bearish
maybe you're were fading me and you were
trying
to um say that it was going to use this
as a selloff okay or you were going
short on something else and it was
running up I said if we get above here
watch and see if we get above this
initial Fair B Gap then we had it go
above it closed above it we opened
traded down hit it perfectly to the tick
and then starts running where to the
short-term buy side why because we've
upset the cell side down here so where
the waters were smooth there was
disturbance okay so the Predators the
Sharks if you will they ate okay they
took they took their pound of Flesh so
now where they're going to cruise too
where it's smooth where is it smooth see
these candles over here see how smooth
that is and then right over here all of
that is too Smooth you're have a full G
closure looks like the uh to the B side
there and then we had half of the Gap
still un uh undelivered we hit it and
then expand it up into 3/4 of the gap
between this big broad black line and
this black line here so we
have the market using that first fair
value Gap as your full as your full Gap
closure so you can use this as a study
much like we just did over here from
here to the one quadrant of the range
from here to here so you see trade both
long and short in the same day and I'm
giving you a very Elementary way of
starting how to see it and watching it
over real-time price action giving you
the the things to look for you're not
trying to you're not trying to pick
every entry point but while you're
watching price what constitutes a setup
what constitutes a valid run from a
particular level that could be predicted
and uh to the young man it's made video
I'm refute ict's claim that there's an
algorithm delivering
price well look you're telling me buy
and selling pressure where your garbage
is uh is what caus these moves like if
it wasn't an algorithm and I didn't know
what that algorithm's doing I could not
have the confidence and the track record
of sitting out here in front of
everybody live over the lowest latency
and the lowest time frame which by the
way for the folks that are asking a
allot the time I want to know what time
frame you're using right there tells you
it's a one minute chart okay so if it's
a five it's five minutes if it's 15 it's
15 minutes if it's 60 it's one hour
chart so you would look at this and
study this
with in my opinion it should Fascinate
You Because let's just say for a second
that you're going to argue the case that
there is no algorithm and you're you're
tolerating me when I say it because you
don't want to subscribe to that you
believe something else your brother's
cousin you know sister's boyfriend is a
the guy on Wall Street and he's claiming
that this guy on the internet that's
talking to you telling you every little
fluctuation and tick in the marketplace
every single time frame literally
executing on it literally executing on
live data feed not Market replay okay
easy to do in Market replay the guy says
in my comment section um we're going to
prove that that wasn't Market replay
today but uh you can't escape it okay
you cannot Escape it it is algorithmic
it's 100% controlled and if you try to
argue that the only thing you're
succeeding is you're saying to yourself
and to everyone that you can be heard
they can hear you that you are a ncome
poop like you are
such a [__] to sit out here and say
that it's buying and selling pressure
because buying and selling pressure is
based on
Randomness that is
Randomness but if I have a
if I have a direction and I tell
everybody look we're all going to a
destination okay um follow me I promise
you it's going to be
exciting not everybody's going to follow
me not everybody's going to follow me
but some individuals will start out
following me okay and they'll think oh
he's probably going to this
destination he's probably going to this
point of interest in the town okay some
local hot spot now I haven't disclosed
what that is yet yet I just said it's
going to be exciting follow me that's
essentially what price is doing every
single day every given moment and
Traders make a decision to follow
price attentively and some of them try
to stay right behind price and they
chase it that's momentum trading
breakout
trading but then you have the others
that say you know what I don't know
what's going on here and I'm not I'm not
interested in this somebody else is
doing something else and they claim it's
going to be a better thing going the
other direction so Kanye is going
downtown I want to go down there and
this guy here he wants to watch Seline
beon okay who knows okay whatever the
whatever the initial draw is okay you
think it is that's the same thing as
saying you believe price is going to go
to this level above or this level below
now if I am trying to get as many people
involved to follow that price run
up so that way I can build positions
against that
run
okay this is what the algorithm is doing
as price is going higher you're led to
believe by books and people on the
internet and people that want to watch
my videos and get clicks and engagements
and sound smart they want to sound smart
they want to be an argument to it but
they're not going to get out here and
call the price by every fluctuation like
this and use their discipline their
school of thought they're not going to
use wof they're not going to use supply
and demand they're not going to use
Elliot wave they're not going to use
anything because all that stuff has has
nothing to do with why price is going to
go up and down why it stops to a tick
how you can discern where it's going to
go why it should go there and what time
should it do
it so to make the argument that there is
no
algorithm and see this being done in a
live setting explaining the logic of
what it should do why it shouldn't do
this and then watch this next Behavior
right when it does this you're saying
that everybody stops selling short there
was no more sellers willing to sell
short below this candle's low and it was
only the imbalance of buying that
stopped it right to the top of the fair
value Gap that I told you now for weeks
you've known about it if You' just been
watching this mentorship but I told you
in Twitter spaces in 2023 the first Fair
the first fair value Gap after
9:30 that's the one you want to drag
across throughout the entire thing of
the day I don't put my Twitter spaces on
my YouTube channel
I I just I don't I don't care to have
them on there because I've talked about
topics and things that I just don't want
on that YouTube channel but I've given
permission for every one of the Twitter
spaces you all can upload them make
money off of them I don't care but the
lectures you cannot do that I will do a
copyright against you and there's a
Chinese uh Rand YouTube channel I'm
getting ready to lay waste to this
evening he's converting or she's
converting everything into Chinese I
don't give permission for that so you're
going to lose everything tonight but the
um the buying and selling pressure did
not cause that stop right there on that
Candlestick it did not absolutely did
not do that what's actually happening is
the market is delivering that price it
doesn't matter how many people are
buying and
selling it's going to stop because it's
stopping on its code it says I'm not
going to go past that point and I'm
showing you what that looks like
visually before it does it so anyone
with common sense and rudimentary math
and if you've ever studied anything with
computer programming I'm a little
surprised because um I thought that we
had in math and science um a lot more
involvement with programming in some of
the schools in our area we have a little
bit higher um in Harford County have a
little bit higher degree um mathematics
and in schooling on the public
level and my kids they were introduced
to computer programming it wasn't like
they had to elect it it was they did a
teaching on it which I thought was great
and for me as a child when I was a 6
grade I was teaching myself how to
computer program I was making my
own games and little password things
that get into files that I would protect
using just basic language just basic
language
and I was fascinated with how things
work
so it makes it makes sense to me in
every single person that is in computer
science or has ever had a background or
any involvement in computer programming
when I teach how prices
booking how it refers to specific levels
it's the same thing that they understand
by understanding how coding is done
because the market is absolutely one big
program it is a controlled environment
that sometimes can be manipulated and
Disturbed and that's intervention
barring that it will act and behave the
same way all the time it's doing time
based delivery the speed at which it
does it is in direct relationship to how
close in proximity that inefficiency or
liquidity is to market price meaning
this we we opened we traded down now I
had this on this chart in front of all
you I told you we hadn't made one until
that that was when we had our first fair
value gy
that right there when we went above it
traded back down and stopped dead in its
tracks there is no buying and selling
pressure influence now when buyers and
sellers come into the
marketplace if you wanted to sell short
below that price you didn't get the
opportunity to do that it never gave you
your
fill if you wanted to buy below that
price you did not get a fill
you're telling me nobody had an interest
to buy a little bit lower than that
there was no interest absolutely no
interest at all no buyers had any
interest there no sellers had any
interest below that think about that I'm
listen I love talking about this because
I love rubbing everybody's nose in it
that thinks that there is no algorithm
because it's like I get off on this I
literally get off on this I'm not mad I
don't feel insecure because I can do
this every single day and prove that
there is one
my hands are all over it okay I mean I
can't say anything more than that I mean
can't be pler than that if I don't know
what I'm talking about it's going to be
obvious right it's going to be obvious
but if I keep talking about things that
are not gerine to anything else out
there despite what people say it's been
renamed these concepts are not my
Concepts they're renamed where are the
other Concepts where's that logic
because then what you can do is go into
that logic of that supposed rename
school of thought that I supposedly
Chang the name of and go in and look at
the mechanics behind that and see what
is that doing but see because there's
nothing like that actually occurring
there's nothing me renaming I'm not
borrowing somebody else's logic and
calling it something different to
impress you I've invited all of you to
do it go look and investigate it you
will not see these things you will
absolutely not have time specific
things you will not have specific price
delivery the pdas don't exist in any
other form for school of thought and
trading it does not exist it doesn't
exist prior to
me and I say that because I want you to
go in and study and look for that
because if I'm lying you'll see that I'm
lying but guess what happens you find
out that there's nothing else like this
and then you start looking at me do it
live explaining this is what it's going
to do what it's going to do how it's
going to behave look at what I just did
this morning I traded es and I traded
NASDAQ okay I executed with a level of
precision that no one else displays it
never ever ever happens that should
comfort you that should comfort
you if I never do another live stream
but I'm gonna be doing live streams
obviously but if I never did another one
you've seen enough I would have been
satisfied with this said you know what
there probably is an algorithm here and
I might not ever learn everything about
it but I have seen enough to know that I
can
exploit I can exploit these very things
that happen and they tend to repeat and
they're not surprises when they do like
I'm not looking at Price
saying oh my
gosh oh my gosh look at that hun look at
this right here look at look at this CH
just did look at the price where did
that come from like I wasn't expecting
that I'm so excited
or I'm so scared nothing like that
happens for me that doesn't happen it's
boring I know what I'm looking for my
students have been trained to look for
these things and you're learning more
you're more you're learning more details
and it's exciting when you understand
that if the it's rigged okay if it's
rigged that is in a that's a home field
advantage you really think that the
markets and the people that run them and
they profit off of them like a know you
really believe think about this now you
really believe in your heart of hearts
that they're going to let the
success the success that they hold right
now be influenced by the sheer vast
interest of buying and selling pressure
of
Reddit of social media they've made a
mockery of you redit and I told you all
that they would do that with GameStop
black
very
hello buying and selling pressure has
absolutely no bearing on where price is
going to go you're if if you go into a
store you want to buy shoes you want to
buy the new Air Max okay I'm I I need
new shoes I'm gonna go in here and I'm
GNA buy a pair of shoes I wonder what
they cost you don't know but you're
going into that store so you're doing
what you're following the the lead of
the draw the draw is you wanton choose
maybe you don't need them you just want
them but you are going to that store
that's the draw on liquidity your
liquidity you don't see it that way but
that's how I see it I'm smart money I'm
cannibalizing
you and I know that I'm going to take
price
higher but I have to have fulfillment
there has to be hand shaking between a
counterparty of buying and counter propy
of
selling smart
money will follow
with one algorithm that trades and
engages with the price engine that is
the algorithm so in other words think
about like this if there is a mechanism
that causes the fluctuation of price
going up and down okay as we see here we
open fluctuate and we dropped lower okay
we it went down below here to absorb
what the sell
orders what vested interest would there
be for a entity that we're going to
classically refer to as smart money
what benefit would that be to go below
here to to engage these sell stops it's
not for the express order of letting
those make money going down that's not
what it is it's for smart money to
accumulate the sell stops that are
resting below these relative equal lows
when there's an
unfulfilled range up here and unfinished
business that range that was created by
the imbalance of the opening range Gap
so previous day settlement which is this
heavy dark line here okay not it here
that's 4:14 PM Eastern Time's last print
and since it's session ends at 4:15
you're not going to see a price at 4:15
so therefore it stops at 4:14 it's still
trading electronically until 5 o'clock
and then it stops and pauses for an hour
and resumes at 6 PM Eastern Standard
time but we we
drop this area all down in
here is the Market Pro providing ample
time it's providing
opportunity for smart money to
absorb and be counterparty to those sell
stops or sell orders that sell on a
breakout
lower so all of this
here all of
this is
accumulation of individuals that want to
be sellers now they could be selling to
protect a long position or they want to
sell on a breakout as it drops down like
a momentum Trader it doesn't matter we
don't care what type of classification
the sell orders are we just look for
relative equal lows okay that was my
point in trying to create this language
I have tools and I can discern how much
of the buying and selling pressures okay
you want to use those terms above or
below old Highs are how much are pending
orders for breakout or continuation or
stop out and be neutralized on an
existing pre
prepositioned trade that means buy stops
taking out shorts sell stops taking out
Longs or sell stops new entry for
breakout buy stops breakout for new
Longs I have ways to determine that but
that stuff you're not getting that stuff
so to create a language that allows us
to communicate and understand what I'm
saying and not cross lines I don't want
to
cross I use this language of relative
equal lows that's easy it's visual they
will never stop making relative equal
lows and relative equal highs they're
going to be there it's going to be there
all the time every time frame is going
to be there but when you have them at
times where the market starts to trade
and there's a large volume influx where
there's a lot of Traders coming in
that's why it's easy for people to
believe the myopic [__] of people
repeating and regurgitating lies about
what makes these markets go up and down
which is by in selling pressure the
market stopped going lower because it
ran out of
sellers what that's bull That is bull it
stopped because it's already done enough
of a range drop down here is enough
absorption of all these sell
stops so the market is affording people
that need large pools of liquidity to be
counterparty to their
trades they can't fulfill
the measure of volume that would be
allowing them to profit efficiently
because they're trading a large amounts
of money to get back to that full Gap
closure of yesterday's 4:14 PM eastern
time that line right here to get to that
price and the volume that they're trying
to shove through the marketplace it's
not efficient for them to be buying most
of it as it's going
up because the delivery to terminus is
already started they have to do it when
the Market's going against it if this is
where the Market's going to go and I'm
I'm teaching that to you focus on the
initial opening range and where that
opening range Gap if there is one
because it's going to have a 70% chance
it's going to fill half of it in the
first 30 minutes that in and of itself
is algorithmic you don't hear people
teach that in books find it in a book
find it it's not out there it's going to
be in everybody's book now but it's not
out there you're familiar with those
opening range oh opening range oh it's
this this that but they're they're
looking at different time frames 15
minutes 5 minutes it's that's [__]
it's 30 minutes that's what this
algorithm is referring to okay if it
won't hold up to scrutiny with me
calling it and outlining it live that
means it's not real that means I'm a
fraud that means it's fake it's made up
it's contrived but how many times are
you seeing it work it's perfectly that's
my that's my emphasis here because I say
this not to defend myself it's for the
folks that tell me that they're being
influenced by other people because
they're so new and I'm just saying don't
believe me because I said
so never believe me because I said so
you listen to me determine what the
parameters are to go into the
marketplace and see it for yourself go
back it doesn't take long to see if
there's anything here Val or not and
then go into the live streams if you're
brand new and you're trying to learn how
to do what I'm teaching on this YouTube
channel there's no better way to start
than what you're doing right now in the
2024 because I'm proving I'm literally
proving unequivocally there's it's
irrefutable it's absolutely irrefutable
that's why I said I can do this in front
of a court I can do this in front of the
Supreme Court I can do this in front of
the cftc I can do this I'm doing it live
right now they're probably watching me
hello hello
Lydia that's who was the the lady in
charge in the '90s when they served me
paperwork at my aunt's house because I
wasn't putting rist of scammers up cuz I
was stupid year a 20-year-old didn't
know what I was doing I was talking
about the Markus and I didn't even
report the level of risk that's involved
that's why you see my disclaimers in
the information uh box underneath every
video I put that's why you see
the disclaimer shown before I start
talking to you I learned that lesson in
the 90s because the federal government
literally said hey
you you don't know what you're doing bud
and I I I stopped I just said okay I'm
I'm not I'm not doing doing that until I
learn that these are the risk assers you
have to have that's why when I reach out
to other YouTubers and I tell them look
you're you're in you're potentially in
trouble here if you don't start doing
this and a lot of people laugh it off
but eventually they started using it
that's all I want I don't want to see
anybody get in trouble because our
government sometimes has a little bit of
an overreach and while I wasn't doing
anything that caused anybody losing any
money in fact they're actually making
money off of what I was saying I was
teaching before I should have because I
didn't fully understand everything I was
doing clearly indicated by me not
revealing the disclosures of risk that
needs to be given to the public so
there's a lot of laws folks it's a lot
of laws and regulations and I love doing
what I'm doing but I'm not going to do
something that's against the law I'm not
going to go out here and put myself in
Jeopardy just to impress you I don't
care if you like me I don't care if you
believe me but I say these things and I
talk about the algorithm because there
students that are brand new and there's
new waves of of new students always
coming in and it helps reinforce what
I'm already teaching anyway it's not
like I'm saying something you can't
learn more information about or feel
more confident in I mean I understand
some of you will say well we get it ICT
can we move on we understand as an
algorithm but the elements of every
individual day and how it
delivers I'm I'm revealing that to you
I'm giving you the the mechanics of it
and buying and selling
pressure the markets are for the Deep
Pockets they're not for you they're not
for me they're not for John Q public you
the stock Traders the old ladies that
sit around they have their stock uh
stock Buyers Club it's not for them
either it's not it's not for them it's
for these Deep Pockets to fleece you
because we are all cattle to them that's
the
reality and how do we
get to be a part of the same game
they're
running use what I'm teaching and it's
literally you cannot refute it it's
there now the folks that don't want to
believe in an algorithm they'll have to
backpedal and say well he's just a
really good price action Trader using
other people's stuff and my question
still is where's the other people's
stuff where is that where's the rules
that I'm giving you the time elements
that's not anywhere else okay I'm so
sick of hearing a gobx I ain't seen one
person come out here and outline the the
profile of the day the time at which
it's going to behave where the
imbalances are going to form how it's
going to be utilized stop on a tick use
a stop loss put a stop L on your trades
make them make them tight with logic
that repeats it's already been taught in
this YouTube channel okay but find the
other logic it's not there but it's so
easy for people to be influenced because
they watch somebody else say something
oh and the more emojis in the comment it
must be valid then like emojis in me in
my opinion they invalidate any any
argument soon as you start putting
emojis in your post I already know I'm
talking to a kid I already talking to a
kid and they're clueless
so deep money smart money big players
okay they have to have the opposite end
or counterparty to their intended
trade okay so in this case it's the sell
stops below these relative equal lows so
the market drops down which is
interesting because we only had a little
Min a little run above and then it drops
then it gives you the fair value Gap
here see that drops into the cell side
spends time down
here where is there inefficiency when it
when it goes below these lows at this
moment right in here at this candle
where is the inefficiency in the
marketplace
there and the remaining portion of the
opening range Gap that was yet to be
filled from that high up to that dark
line so there's unfinished business up
here so they're tipping their hand to
you by dropping it initially what's
what's the most time they spend
underneath the cell side they're
accumulating remember the other day I
was telling you we were watching price
action I said I don't want to see it
accumulate inside the consequent crment
of the wick of the candle and it went
down stabbed down there and immediately
came right back out of it that's the
opposite of this this is accumulation
accumulation is the market spending
time it has to spend time at a
predetermined area where liquidity is
where in efficiencies are inefficiencies
are best suited and used one time right
in there quickly hit it and
run it can be used again but we don't
want to see markets go into inefficiency
like a fair bag Gap here like we don't
want to see it go up here Meander around
create a bull flag right Patrick no bull
Flags required okay we want to see it
trade to it through it come back down
treat it as what a springboard
Rocket Fuel baby send it
higher inefficiencies we don't want to
see it spend time inside them
liquidity when you're going to trading
with the daily range or the most uh the
largest magnitude in price delivery
which side it's going to move on most
okay uh the more time it spends below a
pool of liquidity it's obvious like that
that's allowing an affording smart money
to do what load it
up load it up and then it starts to
reprice higher smart money is not buying
as it's going up they will buy right
there why because it's coming down to
that inefficiency and it's affording
them still a range to get to full Gap
closure see that so it trades down to
the top of that stops right on a tick
what is the the low of that candle
you're going to be looking at this value
right here upper left hand corner where
my cursor is see it you're going to look
at that value right
there that low comes in at
1955.
okay 50 five. two5 the low of that
candle comes in at 19,000 ready for it
55.25 but there's no [__]
algorithm it never gets
old it never gets olded come on Mr
option
dude come on come at me
bro oh this is so good oh man I'm so
entertaining I love it I love it I could
entertain myself every day out here I
wish the Marcus trade on Saturday and
Sunday I'd be doing it in
too that's perfect tell me where
whiteoff ever gave you Perfection nope
Elliot wave never happened supply and
demand who the [__] knows inside those
zones you're buying and selling right
what price is perfect in the zones
nobody
knows but there's this old guy this old
dude in
Maryland he's got a really good lucky
rabbit's foot up his ass this is
unbelievable it just keeps repeating he
can't keep getting away with it
right
anyway so we're back inside remember I
told you um when we when these form it's
like a huge black hole it's going to
draw price into it keep pulling in
pulling in so if you ever see nested new
day opening gaps new week opening gaps
or vice versa and this is just a
beautiful beautiful like it this is like
a poster child of the the the event I'm
telling you about where it draws price
into it so smart money has to buy where
there's liquidity okay they're absorbing
counterparties and it's never going to
be able to be hidden from you below old
lows there's going to be sell stops okay
above old highs there going to be buy
stops when you're watching price action
okay when you're watching price you're
trying to get a feel for and you won't
know how to do this initially you won't
you won't have a feel for it for a while
because it takes experience seeing and
reading price action live and you'll get
the rules that I'm teaching you and
you'll start seeing example after
example take the screenshot of that by
the way
such a beautiful element of delivery
right there it's such a good thing man
it's so good isn't it isn't that
beautiful where suddenly all this stuff
makes sense it makes it gives you a
rhyme and a reason it gives you a
script to expect price to adhere to and
once you understand that script what it
should do how it should behave if it
ever goes off script guess what that
means it's not a time to over leverage
right it's not a time to get in there
and press the button you need to sit
still there's something going there's a
Deja Vu moment there like in the movie
The Matrix something has changed and
that is not always an invitation for you
to be doing something in the market
trading
so smart money has to buy down here
because of the volume that's required to
be counterparty to their trade so if
they're
buying they want to be a buyer they're
going to be buying in large pools of
liquidity and they will add
okay they will add as the market trades
up but it has to be on sells side
delivery that means momentum delivery of
price going down they cannot they will
never ever ever buy on an uptick it
never will happen it never
happens smart money is never buying on
breakouts it's not happening it's never
happening because they have to have
discounted prices so this down closed
candle is the first discounted delivery
from the perspective of looking all
these up closed candles even that's a
small little up closed
candle so this just so happens to be at
a fair value Gap I told you conceptually
that it will be formed between 9:30 and
10 o'clock it's the first
one and then because we spent time down
here taking the cell side accumulated we
want to see it run above here and watch
does this treat this same range does it
invert that just remember it was over
here when price is up there it drops
down uses it then Springs
higher goes below it inverts goes down
here now watch this level in here
because it's going to do what change its
character it's going to revert back to
what it was over here then this now
becomes
what this is now a reclaimed bullish
fair value gy why because it was acting
as one before where did that happen
right there folks so stop saying that I
did something wrong in my lecture I did
not call that fair value Gap and
inversion fair value Gap and Inc
correctly it was how it's used how is it
used and does it change its mode of
delivery how is it influencing price so
this has
become a reclaimed bullish fair value
Gap because it should have been treated
as such over here if the underlying
narrative is
bullish so that's what I'm saying when
people say all Fairway gaps are the same
you're an idiot you have no idea what
you're talking about stop talking like
you do because you have no idea what
you're saying and stop trying to teach
them
say this is how I use them with my
present understanding you know what
that's very disarming it's a fair
statement no one can look especially I'm
the author of it I can't look at that
and be what you know he's pretending to
know something he doesn't know because
everybody up to this point that has ever
taught or lectured anything about a fair
value Gap trying to teach it you
literally have no idea what you're
talking about you literally have no idea
you haven't spent enough time with me
seriously you haven't spent enough time
and I haven't taught everything about
them yet you're just introduced to them
you familiar with them like oh I've seen
that before but you can't explain it in
hindsight you can with Mark replay you
can do that obviously because you have
the benefit of saying well it behaved
that way there but I'm telling you where
they're forming before they
form how they're going to react can you
argue that make your videos today expose
me
today go on YouTube make your video make
sure you put the at symbol Inner Circle
Trader all one word and I'll see your
little video okay and I will gladly come
to your channel and I'll leave a comment
because that's really what you want and
we can all laugh at you
okay because there's no way you're gonna
argue this today there's zero way you're
going to argue out of it because it's
given to you beforehand the logic how
it's going to behave and then what it
looks like you've seen that but how and
when it's going to form how will price
react how is it going to react off of it
and it's not there's no more sellers
here there's there's there's only buyers
coming in only buyers are
outnumbering think about think about the
stupidity of that
statement every buyer has to have a
seller okay so there's an imbalance of
buyers how the [__] that possible
because for some someone to get long and
filled they have to have a counterparty
that's sold to them that's how the
markets are booking
right look at your depth of market look
at your Dom okay not Dome Dom study them
not for the express purposes of learning
how to use them to trade with but look
at the facade they present to
you there's just numbers there those
orders are coming and going maybe
they'll be there when the market prints
that price and books to Mark to Market
maybe they're not going to be there it
happens all the time Market Market
participants you golden Sachs um
city um any other large conglomerate
they could put an order in and say you
know what I'm going to pull the order
for whatever reason and you can read
read between the lines on
that some entity out there could do
things like that and spoof and give the
false impression that there's a lot of
interest at this level and things like
bookmap and stuff stuff like that if you
know that there's a large
likelihood okay from a narrative uh
perspective that once we were down here
and there's a large pool of orders that
you see on the depth of Market that's
below this area down
here and we start seeing this right
there I'm telling you that that doesn't
matter that there's so much orders below
here or at a lower price but see some of
you think that that's somehow a magnet
that's going to cause the market to say
look at the number look at the the sheer
number
here when that's not really what's going
to be pushing price
around it's understanding how the
Market's going to work with what it's
been given to you in the first 30
minutes using the the footholds with
these PD arrays this is the
sheer uh uh Mountain Side of the
Mountain okay we go down you got to
climb back up up top of this and get to
some Zenith higher level the UN
undelivered gap
opening well as you go up this range you
have to look inside here where are the
footholds where are you going to reach
for if your price and I'm going to
personify price as you your price and
you're down here what is it have to do
it has to get above this first well
that's an easy one it gets above that no
problem then you have an old foothold
here so you use it put pull yourself up
to it and once you get above it now
becomes a foothold so it's a handhold
first and then becomes a foothold oh
he's just talking about supply and
demand he's just talking about support
and
resistance well did you call this
beforehand did you trade it did you live
stream and outline it live that it was
going to behave that way before it did
it this is how you cancel anybody that's
challenging you with the intended
purpose to discourage you I there would
be no way anybody could discourage me
from learning this from someone like
myself doing this live there's nothing
there's nothing anybody could ever say
to say you know what I I listen to that
guy he's
Shady he's a shady guy you you never
trade live in I'm going to trade live
but I got to give you the logic what I'm
using because otherwise you're GNA be
like I don't understand why you did that
because it's the same stuff I'm showing
you every day but you have to get
comfortable with this Caleb you have to
see it repeat over and over and over
again and by seeing that without any
money without any clout behind it
whether you win or lose without any I'm
going to impress dad or I'm going to
probably disappoint dad behind the
execution you're just observing price so
that way there's no heat on you there's
no pressure there's no requirement for
you to be right so you're just observing
what price is doing and these things
that I'm teaching will repeat and repeat
so back to this so your your price I'm
personifying price with you you're the
individual that is priced you when
you're down here it's got to get above
this High here it's going to get above
that rather quickly why because that is
a shift in Market structure you want
them to be sudden and abrupt just like
that
okay when it does
this your eye goes back to all of this
range now this range just so happens to
use reference points that was given over
here so this is a PD that can change its
characteristic and role of how it's
going to behave either impeding price or
supporting or rejecting
price
meaning it was a potential bullish fair
value Gap
that was realized right here when the
market dropped down into it and then
sent it up then we went down through it
excuse me making this a
inversion so it's not bullish anymore
it's going to be used to send price
lower it does so then the market starts
to come back up abruptly Shi in Market
structure what's your first PD array
well you're in you're in one it's the
old bullish fair value Gap so now it's
reclaimed why how is it reclaimed
because it went above it and we're
opening here trading down into it it
should act as what support real support
not the stuff you see in books and it's
not supply and demand it's none of those
things wof has nothing to do with that
right there W off if he was alive he's
writing notes right now he's in the same
classroom you're in he would be writing
notes and then sending the email saying
what about this and what about that he'd
be doing that that sounds arrogant but
that's just the [__] truth so the
next thing is when we get above it we
get into this Gap here which happens to
be the first fair value Gap that forms
between 9:31 specifically to 10 o'clock
because your fair value Gap can't form
on the 930 candle okay so there's a rule
there find that in your books so once we
get above it here opens trades down to
the tick
stops smart money can add in that but
they're not adding the
volume of orders that they pushed in
here because it's not enough time and or
liquidity offered to counterparty with
them you see what I'm saying so when the
market is allowing and affording in
pools of liquidity when there's a gap
that's yet to be filled they haven't
even touch the halfway Gap or consequent
caching of it and we have this big huge
black hole of a new day opening Gap and
a new week opening Gap how many times
has it been trading back and forth to it
over the last couple days think about it
think it's not one and
done it's not pivots it's not Floor
Traders pivots okay oh it trace the R1
R2 okay well it's done throw it away
that's not the logic we're using here is
it this is what the algorithm refers to
these are old reference points they are
arrays if you are a Trader that has any
familiarity with computer programming
and coding you know what an what an
array is it's a reference point where
the the the market or not the market the
the algorithm or Pro program if you will
refers back to a a data point a
reference point an array is for that
expressed purpose of using something for
for data number crunching what the
algorithm is going to do with it like a
recipe you have all the ingredients you
follow the step-by-step process of
making whatever that dish is that you're
making okay but
you you are the composite
man you are the market maker you're
literally taking the
ingredients and following the
step-by-step
process of making the outcome how you
want
it sometimes something is a better
condition for them to
disrupt and that means that sometimes
the outcome isn't
always the perfectly cooked pot pie it
may be overcooked and it may be
undercooked okay but they're still left
with a Pott right so they can profit
from that they've got they got something
they can work with what does that mean
if if they can't buy as much here how's
that any
benefit because it won't spend that much
time
there it isn't going to run out
of potential magnitude and seed in fact
you're expecting it to start doing the
very thing amplifying the directional
run and speed and the candle sh should
start expanding
larger and you get that here raing up
into the full Gap
closure so they won't get that many
positions you know funneled into the
marketplace because they have very
little time to do it but we as smaller
entities in the marketplace place we
have no problem pushing our orders into
that Candlestick right there whereas the
volume that they have pushed in down
here accumulating a larger position
because they see this run
here you can't see that yet you're
learning the the beginning building
blocks of that but it starts by having
these understandings looking for things
that are going to be in the marketplace
they cannot hide them from you tell me
how they're going to how they going to
hide the first SP B gap between 9:31 and
10:00 how's that possible hide it from
you you're not looking at the
screen that's the only way it's going to
happen you have a blackout there's power
outage internet goes down trading viewer
or whatever your platform has a a wonky
technical glitch that's the that's the
extent of it that's that how it's gonna
be hidden from you but they they can't
hide these things from you if they could
if they would change these Logics these
elements to it okay I would have never
taught it to
you I mean that I never would have I
never would have taught it to you if it
could be changed by the participation of
everybody
else would you share this information
and be honest for a second okay let's
take a take take a moment I'm GNA take a
drink of my water here but if you knew
all this stuff would you teach it to
anybody and be honest you might be a
Christian you might be a good person
would you teach this to anybody else I'm
going tell you something if you say yes
youd Li you're
lying you wouldn't teach it to
nobody you'd be greedy
self-centered
selfish you wouldn't even talk about it
with your friends so the question is why
am I doing
it inquiring minds want to know say I
can't and I'll make more of me
that's what I said and that's what I'm
doing in the future you'll understand
what that means but for now just know
that this is a gift and you should be
very very thankful for this because it's
not worshiping me you should just be
thankful that it's like this in the
marketplace because if there's an
algorithm if it's control if it's rigged
that means you're never going to be
duped by buying and selling pressure
Randomness think about it how could you
possibly sleep at night laying your head
down thinking
man I hope I can out outsmart all the
buying and selling pressure Randomness
tomorrow like how could it's like you're
playing the
lottery that's
stupidity that's stupid math okay that's
math that doesn't math there's no
probabilities there why would anybody
want to work with that oh well you can
do this and you can [__] okay
[__] show me this and anything else
it's not there so
if we get through these levels here and
we have this delivery in price and we
get above this short-term High then we
can anticipate
what
low high lower low this disrupts what
the liquidity it absorbs
it this up close candle
here is your bullish breaker because it
broke the market structure and it took
anyone that's long out so that way now
the buy side is neutral meaning that
there's no one there's no one long above
here they taking out anyone that's long
here out because they' raked it down
lower so sells side's been engaged and
now buy side is negative it's a it's a
vast
Wasteland there's no heaviness there's
no held positions inside this range here
so they're going to start accumulating
when it gets above there what is a
accumulation look like is it fast one
time one candle and then run away no
that's
redelivery
accumulation in this Candlestick right
here big Paradigm Shift coming ready
that's your seat
belts that Candlestick right there is
your bullish
breaker and we can take this extension
thing off here we'll sh sh it make it
green I haven't used that color
much right so in here we have that whole
run now if you're looking at a PD array
like this like a breaker and you're
expecting it to offer some measure of
support rejecting lower prices so it's
going to be like a brick wall saying no
you're not going to go through
me what would that look like if you have
a Candlestick like this where you have
this big discount tail let me move it
over a little bit so you can see it see
that that tail right there from the open
of the candle down to the low where it
acted off of that fair B Gap that I
showed you live then we closed up here
when a Candlestick like this for a
breaker is forming such a long Wick like
that the wick does
what what does the body do in contrast
to what the wick is telling us the Wicks
do the damage that means it can color
outside the line
generally the bodies don't generally
cover you know color outside the lines
of a PD array it can but it's it's got
to be like one tick no more than two but
a wick can go a few ticks outside of it
but generally I allow to have two two
ticks on on an index like NASDAQ or S&P
S&P generally is like a one tick Mohawk
like a little tiny fluctuation above or
below the parameters for a fair Val G
something that effect for ES it's it's
tighter because it's a little bit more
of a gentleman's Market uh it's a little
bit more refined the NASDAQ is kind of
like a a hooker on a Saturday night it's
just she's usually drunk and she's she's
a she's a sloppy mess but she's fun
she's fun to be around you just don't
want to marry her the es is a lot more
refined it's a gentleman's Market it
behaves a whole lot more uh tame and it
gives you a lot cleaner price action and
it's a little bit slower in its delivery
but you can still make a lot of money
trading that one too the the es is not
as exciting
as the NASDAQ is I like me a good
Saturday night ROM and this is what it's
like every day trading it gives us the
opportunity to get in there and have a
fast good time but you have to wrap up
you got to wear a St stock loss because
you don't be out here messing around
this thing and pick up something you
don't want so when it has a wick like
this I don't know where this stuff comes
from folks I really I have no idea where
it comes from but that is the body okay
so since I'm bullish I want to look at
the highest portion of this candle stick
okay and I want to be in the upper half
of that why because that's the Rules of
Engagement with my PD arrays if I'm
bullish I don't want to see the lower
half of any PD uh any PD aray traded to
I want to see it have the inability to
do that so in the lower portion of
something that would be deemed bullish
it should fail delivering price in that
you see the see the logic there that's
not supply and demand that's not wof
that's not anything else it's a very
specific phenomenon that I'm taking your
attention to that I'm using when I'm
reading price and I'm executing
on that's that's what's really going on
behind the scenes so if that's the case
here that body starts here I'm not
worried about that Wick I don't care
about it it's the body so all this range
up to the high I have to have to see
what that range is so it's the upper
half which is this level right here that
line that's what it's showing you okay
so when the breaker is being utilized
it's better for the sensitivity for
Price action to be between this level
here and the high of that
Candlestick
now as price gets above it there how
does it
behave upper quadrant upper quadrant
upper quadrant can it even touch the
halfway point
no what is the bodies doing here is it
spending a little bit of time and then
moving no what's it doing same thing it
did down here it's
accumulating what's it accumulating
positions the algorithm is staying in
here holding it holding it holding it
holding it allowing smart money to do
what capitalize on that bullish breaker
it the
levels when you expect it
to then
rallies consolidates around what the
high for the previous day settlement
price 4:14 p.m. Eastern Standard Time
that's the high or top of the Gap the
opening range Gap so if you traded above
it go back and listen to the other
lectures about it we if we're above it
if if it's bullish it'll come down and
start doing what treating as support
what is it doing here marking time
sideways why there isn't anybody trying
to buy it there's nobody interested in
going short I thought buying and selling
pressure moves
price oh maybe it isn't that and then
the market takes a run here digs into
the new day and new week opening Gap
clustering how we started this lecture
what is Caleb gonna be looking for
clustering of new day and new week
opening gaps and when you have them on
your chart don't look at them being
traded to and delivered to and think
they're done they're dead they're stale
throw it out like supply and demand
logic
does keep them because the algorithm is
going to refer to them we still have
plenty of time to use them what do you
think I taught the if the data ranges
for 60 days is
not um longer as a young man that left a
comment saying you made a mistake you
said that the 60 days how many trading
days is there in a
month if you have 30 days in the month
it's not 30 it's not 30 trading days but
you're using 60 trading days
look
back my my because I've been doing a lot
longer and my hands are all over this
and they're they're my
Concepts when I codify these things I
have set boundaries and parameters that
I want to use as reference points for my
use mine are 60 days in the past so 60
trading days go
backwards my PD arays
depending upon how I feel about a market
structure and what I where I think the
market may go usually I'm not looking at
p u yeah pdas that are older than 60
days of 60 trading days of look back
it's not calendar days it's 60 trading
days look back and then 40 days what do
you think is going be more sensitive to
price a 40-day old PD or a 60-day uh PD
or in other words a fair value Gap
that's 40 days old
or a a fair B Gap that's 60 days old
which which one's going to be more
sensitive the 40-day what's going to be
more sensitive a 20 or a 40
20 and if you have PD arrays that are
forming you know in inside the last 20
days you're you're work you're working
with the actual most active PD arrays
and if you just focus on them you never
have to make it complicated you never
have to worry about having anything
older because they're always going to be
in the chart you'll see them they won't
hide from you they can't hide them from
you that's my point to you like you're
stressing about all the things that are
not going to be that big of a deal for
you and the time and the energy of
worrying about it's going to stop
working it's going to be the new retail
there's no traps folks does it look like
it's not working for you does it look
like the person that's created this
stuff does it sound like I don't know
what I'm talking about I'm explaining
this stuff to you so that way you can go
back and look at old moves and see that
that's exactly how it is and then you
have the perfect opportunity to study
going forward and if it's changing if it
doesn't work anymore it's going to be
glaringly obvious everybody will notice
it not somebody that's has something to
sell as a as an alternative right so or
make some kind of drama video because
they're hungry and need
groceries so that business is closed
there and when we're trading down the
Wicks are digging into an old new day
opening
guy see that that's actually uh
yesterday's
right what's today's I'm getting disor
here yeah that's today's uh the
27 excuse me so
anyway there's something else I want to
say about that breaker I got disoriented
here talking other
stuff yeah so anyway the accumulation
aspects of of price delivery here it's
when it's spending a little bit of time
when when you're in the narrative You're
Expecting higher prices you start seeing
these little consolidations in here at
the levels I'm teaching you and at the
time at which they should form so when
you start blending these elements
together you get like a a really rich
tapestry of seeing what price is going
to do and how it will behave and you're
not surprised by it you can anticipate
when it starts running when it starts
making big candles in your favor and
then you can also predict and anticipate
okay it's moved a little bit now we can
expect a reasonable retracement it
doesn't mean it's reversing it's just
going to seek a short-term discount and
then you keep that narrative in in mind
until you get to around 11:30 12 o'clock
and then it goes into the lunch macro
and then that's when you expect it to
have some measure of deeper retracement
and you find the first low prior to
where the Market's trading in that range
that forms in the lunch hour when I say
lunch hour it's technically 11:30 to
1:30 okay but it's
it's it's an old habit of mine saying
it's it's the lunch hour it it's the
phenomenon that takes place between
those specific two
hours okay so there's a lot of things
that are happening there at 11:30 you're
seeing London Clos so traders that are
trading on markets like the cfds that
they're trading the NASDAQ 100 um the
S&P 500
cfd they're usually closing up shot
they're they're ending their day because
they're going to do whatever they're
going going to do and we still have the
afternoon session still here and I want
you to think about
how ridiculous it is to try to build the
argument about why price goes up and
down and stops exactly where I'm
teaching you they they're going to do
right to the
tick if it was buying and selling
pressure okay then these levels these
Concepts wouldn't be so perfectly
pristine and accurate like the they
would not be as perfect as they are if
it was just buying and selling pressure
because these things I'm teaching are
not in anybody's else's logic there's no
another no other school of thought that
leads you to come to conclusion that
okay this is an area to buy right here
at that very candle and it should not go
any
lower it completely kicks the balls in
on the argument of the buying and
selling pressure because I guarantee you
at dep if you look at the depth of
market look at the ladder okay you're
going to see all kinds of orders that
are resting below that low of that
candle Why didn't it go down there well
there was more buy more what more
buyers it's it literally drives me crazy
like you have to be [__] stupid to
see it like that and say yeah it makes
perfect sense you're only saying that
because everybody's been repeating it
repeat it over and over again Hitler
said that
that if you keep saying something tell a
lie long enough and loud enough
eventually everybody's going to believe
it I'm not lying to you I'm telling you
what price is going to do before it
happens and they're standing on some ass
ass backwards logic and and arguing
against it with nothing to prove against
it
nothing so the individuals that leaving
those comments to me and you're brand
new and you're very influential right
you're easily
influenced I want to just look at what
I'm teaching I'm not showing you
something in Market replay I'm showing
you something live I'm calling it
outlining it live I'm giving you the
things to think about before it does it
and then it does it so how could that HP
how could that happen if just buying and
selling which is random in nature if the
buying and how do how do we know how
would the market know how would any
Trader know the effects of buying and
selling pressure and stop
no more selling below that candle low
but that's exactly what I told you to
look for when it gets above it it's
going to come back down and use it as an
inversion Fair B
gy and it delivered it perfectly to the
tick it's silly isn't it but it's also
confidence building and that confidence
when you start seeing this stuff for
years decades three
decades it gives you a little bit of a
Swagger okay you get a little bit of
John Wayne in you okay and these these
new people okay they're just brand new
and they think they know everything
because theyve read a book or they're
part of organization that calls them a
chairman and all this stuff builds their
head up like they think they're smart
they're some kind of intellectual Giant
and that's why they don't do well in
trading because they're a facade they're
a gimmick they're a clown and that
clownery does not equate to making
money the only way they make money is
lying to people fleecing people with
lies and ignorance and deception not
deceiving you I'm showing you the logic
beforehand and it's liberating isn't it
isn't it fun knowing that the guys
talking to you I got nothing to sell to
you there's no more there's no more
catch okay there's no come back and give
me money none of that's required and I'm
enjoying it is't it fun this is this is
class this is college done
right this is college done right this is
ICT University okay everybody's
tuition's free you're all get
scholarships it's brand it's brand new
logic that you're you're in here that
you're in this this Dynamic pool of
information all at the same time no one
has an advantage over you is't that fun
it's exciting isn't it so
anyway any PD array that you're looking
for you want to see the upper half of it
when it's bullish respect it the lower
half it can trade to it it just means
that it better damn well respond off of
it when it gets to the deepest part of
it and you want to see it immediately
reject that if it doesn't do that
chances are you have a dud and there's
nothing there's no harm in just
canceling the trade getting out at
whatever you have if if you cover the
cost of the trade and you just get a
scratch or you just lose the commission
that's a good thing folks versus I don't
know holding on to it and trying to find
some other supporting logic going on
social media see if anybody else thinks
about this hey could you talk about gold
I'm not talking about gold stop asking
me okay gold is a highly manipulated
Market it's trash I told you it's going
to go 3600 there you go done if you're
long hold on to it and don't let go
there's a lot of stuff happening over on
the other side of the world and it's
going to be coming over here on our side
and it's going to cause gold to go up a
lot more I'm not trading gold okay I own
gold but I'm not trading gold okay and
it's not in some deposit uh they are
holding gold for me I have my gold
nobody's holding my gold if you ain't
got it you don't own it if it's not in
your hands you don't have it so stop
asking me about gold if you're losing
money chances are you're trading
gold so my question to you is everything
I've outlined here I'm going to close
this because I'm hungry I want to go get
something no actually I'm sorry I had to
Hur and quickly go over the uh the
trades I did so that way you can get a
feel for it the uh where the market is
right now screenshot that just like it
is right there screenshot
that okay and then you want to go into
your charts with this screenshot do not
use my charts for your Journal that's a
lazy person's approach you go in and you
model everything you see here and you
study why these reference points are
even pertinent if I'm tring listen to me
okay stop for a second I know you're
probably all buzzing right now you're
thinking this is ridiculous look at this
thing it's running exactly like he said
right but listen calm down for a
second do you want to learn how to do
this or you just want to be entertained
by me talking about
it because if you just want to be
entertained that's nice you know I don't
mind you hanging out and you know
studying with with us with no real
intent on using it but if you really
want to learn how to do it properly or
you don't need me anymore I promise you
I will not get my heart broken because
of that I promise you you won't hurt my
feelings if you never come back to watch
my videos anymore because you've learned
how to trade you will make me the
proudest Mentor if you do that that's
exactly what I want for you I don't want
you watching other YouTubers I don't
want you watching other live streamers I
don't want you subscribing to anybody
else on social media because you're
doing that because you need something
from
them inspiration motivation trade idea
you want to copy them or Worse you're
looking at their results that may not be
entirely true and you're looking at your
results and you're beating yourself
up and that that's not something that I
would want for you as a teacher I want
you to learn how to do this properly and
the only way you're going to do that
properly is if you dress your charts the
same way you see mine but they have to
be your charts you're welcome to use
mine as a guide you're absolutely
welcome to do that whether you're
watching the live stream live or if
you're watching it later on watch the
price action okay watch it watch it one
time listening to me and take notes then
then watch it again with me not
talking really watch the fluctuations of
the candlesticks how that's why I always
adjust to keep the candlesticks in in in
view because I want Caleb being able to
go back and watch this stuff studying
how it delivers every individual candle
how it behaves with the levels that were
already on the
chart you're telling me that everybody
out there buying and selling pressure
was using that level right there on an
old new day opening gap on the 23rd of
August why would they if they're not
using what I'm teaching you why would
they do
that why would they do that what's the
logic behind
that what makes it a high probability
turning point if you're going to use my
Concepts why would you expect it to
behave that way because it touched that
level right there that old new dat
opening G low and it's the lower
quadrant of the new week opening gap on
the 18th of August as
well that's two things what's the third
thing consequent coaching of that Wick
bam stop to Perfection to the
tick higher
goes think about it it's fascinating
isn't
it when I started seeing these things
where I could communicate it in a way in
the chart because it's very hard to find
them it was very very hard to find
things so I could
overlap and say this is what the
algorithm's
doing but to teach it conceptually
without saying here's the code here's
what it's here's what it does I have to
find something that allows you visually
to see what it is likely doing at that
very moment there's lots of other things
that it does that I can't bridge the gap
with but I am aware of and that's the
part that makes me who I am I can look
at things and say it's going to do this
it's going do that because I have some
you'll never going to get and you get
mad when I say that and you shouldn't be
mad you should not get mad by that you
should say you know what this is further
evidence for me to say I don't need to
worry about this I have an advantage
because it's rigged I am not going to be
Fooled by Randomness if it is ran by an
algorithm and if price is controlled by
an algorithm that means if I focus on
the things that I'm being shown here and
taught and it's improv them in other
people's hands not just
Michaels I have profitable students that
use this stuff and they learn it from
the free lessons on this YouTube channel
they didn't all come through my paid
mentorship I have profitable students
there but to prove to everyone I gave it
to the entire Community right on this
YouTube
channel and you have to go through the
lessons but if you haven't gone through
any of them before this is the right one
to start in this one here because it you
you come in and you hit the ground
running I'm literally doing it over live
charts explaining the logic it should do
this and watch this it's going to behave
this way watch and then you see it
no one's going to tell you you didn't
watch this pan out today if you were
here live you saw it you watched it pan
out the Dynamics of when it's
accumulating the low old lows for the
purpose of accumulating the stops it's
spending time now because it's going to
be a longer protracted
run does your chart show this run
here for the
YouTubers all of you okay all of you
some of you I have an affinity for and
we talk in private and others I rib you
you rib me it's fine it's fun I don't
have any problem that mean you're not
gonna you're not going to make me forget
this stuff and you're not going to be
able to discount it no matter how hard
you try you're never going to be able to
Discount what I've I've shared here it's
proven it's proven logic and I have more
students that are making money than
anybody else out there on
YouTube and they're bringing the
receipts and all of you listening you're
the next round of that you're in you're
in the master lab right now okay and if
you are a YouTuber and you're out there
and sometimes you have a little bit of a
victory here and you have a little bit
of Victory here you have a little bit of
a run of a price move here and there the
way you hold on to runs is knowing this
logic like what I'm showing you here
today when you see when you see price
action with this perspective and stop
trying to make gimmicks stop looking for
these little things so you can sell
courses just simply do this I promise
you you will be so much more at ease and
pleased with yourself because you can
really do something Beyond 20 handles 10
handles 30 handles on a luck it just
starts to capitulate and run you might
get 40 or 50 handles but you really
didn't have an idea that it was going to
go there you were just hoping it's going
to go there I don't trade like that I
don't look at the bark and say I hope it
do if I say hope ever while I'm in a
trade
I'm closing the trade because what I've
said indirectly is I have completely
lost connection to what the Market's
doing and if you get good at this you
ever start talking like that where I
hope well I I hope it doesn't if you
start doing that get out of the trade
you have my permission to kill the trade
and take whatever profit you have there
and just be
done that will serve you so well in the
beginning until you get greater
conviction of how to wrestle out these
trades that's going to move longer for
you there's nothing wrong with being a
buyer here and getting out just about
that high that's where Caleb needs to
start he needs to start with those
little runs like that and then once he
does it he watches the rest of the day
and he'll feel that tug-of-war like I
wish I would have held on to it well how
can you hold on to it unless you have
Sound Logic to lean on like that
training wheel analogy I gave the other
day on the community post when you're
learning how to ride a like you know
it's it's a gradual process to do it
safely and then when you have one
training wheel that's like this getting
long in here or here and then getting a
run to that and once you see that be
satisfied that you were able to do that
and you have to stop and then watch
observe and then later on you do trades
like getting in here or adding to it
there taking a partial here and then
waiting for that breaker to give you the
next leg
up and then when it takes out that high
there right there you take a take the
partial that you had running or whatever
remaining portion of the tradeoff and
you close it and that's how you back
test you look at trades like that every
move and you can do multiple studies and
case studies on Old singular price runs
there's so many trades in this whole
thing here so many of them there's
literally like 20 different trades in
here that you could be doing using what
I
talk and you don't even realize that yet
all I need you to do is start with one
thing one thing Caleb the first start of
the run that gives you your first
foothold it gives you your first
foundational understanding of what price
is going to do and then over time you'll
start seeing these things where it runs
up here and then it accumulates again
here it goes into that big gravitational
pool that the new week opening Gap and
new d new day opening Gap being
clustered like that is going to present
then it gets above it comes back
down after accumul going sideways and
sends it higher
again how many times if you've been
trading for two three five years you get
a move maybe you caught something here
and you made a little bit of money
you're like man I had a really good
morning and then you go back and look at
the charts because you've been doing
something else you went golfing wasted
your time you came back and uh you see
the Market's up here and you're like oh
man I wish I would have
when you say I wish I would have know
what that means that's the perfect
opportunity for you to go through price
action and Mark it all up screenshot it
to death annotate it and talk in your
annotations like you really expected to
see it do what you see it doing in Old
price action what you're doing is you're
tricking your mind with selft
talk technically you're lying to
yourself admittedly but you're
encouraging yourself like like a
cheerleader you're your best cheerleader
and you're teaching yourself to see it
just like when you have a hunter or your
dad takes you out into the woods and
says look in the snow son what is that
right there I don't know it's something
something obviously walk there he goes
well that's a deer print or that's a
raccoon print or it's a rabbit Trail
okay and you're learning that by
observation and doing it every weekend
in hunting season you're learning how to
see those tracks well when you're back
testing you're looking for these things
and then you're going to communicate
like your dad tells you that right there
is a rabbit trail that is a deer trail
that's what we're out here looking for
son so what did he just do this is what
you look for in the
ground there's other Footprints but I'm
teaching you to have the Affinity the
intention is drawn to a deer track
because that's what's going to be in our
refrigerator this winter we're going to
eat that we're not interested in cooking
a rabbit we're not interested in looking
at a raccoon and it might be a dog print
or a cat print from the neighor down the
road in the farm but here this is what
we're looking for this is the deer
print that's what your back testing does
it finds the opportunities for you to
see the thing that you're going to be
drawn to what are you hunting are you
hunting order blocks are you hunting
fair value gaps are you looking for fair
value gaps that you want to see
invert are you looking for
Breakers are you looking for
institutional orderflow entry
drills are you simply trying to trade
optimal trade
entries are you looking for the fair
value Gap after 10:00 and take as a a
turtle suit that's this one right here
bam you have to go back and study them
screenshot them and then say I was
pleased to see how the price behaved at
this fair value Gap and it's nice to see
how it runs this much and show how many
it moves in terms of points how long it
took to get into the middle consequent
of that new week opening Gap you don't
need it to be the high end or just just
the low of the new week opening Gap how
long did it take it from that candle
there where it bridged into and allowed
it to Wick
through how long did it take candle wise
how much of a draw down in handles
points if you
will did it have against you before it
traded
there and you log that and you use
language like it excites me to see these
opportunities repeating all the time and
I am pleased that I can see this you may
not have watched it live you may not
have done that but what you're doing is
you're writing it out you're feeding
your psyche you're feeding your
subconscious positive selft talk you're
reinforcing something so that way it
activates your particular activating
system and what that means is it's the
same event that takes place when you buy
a car or you buy something you might buy
a dress ladies my wife has done this
before
we go out and we go to some event and
then she'll see someone that has what
she either owns or what she might be
wearing and gentlemen it's usually you
buy a motorcycle you buy a car a truck
or a toy okay and it's a very specific
thing it's a model of a car or truck and
it's a color and it's got the same trim
and everything and you go out you leave
the dealership you're driving down the
road and all of a sudden you're leaving
wherever you just got lunch and you feel
like a big shot and you look down the
road and what's coming your car and now
you don't feel like so exclusive anymore
but your eye jumps to it out of all the
cars you have that moment when I was
teaching if you take a bunch of red
apples and you have one green apple
throw it up in the air your eyes is
going to go to the green apple but
you're going to be distracted with all
the other cars you don't care so much
about that green apple unless it's your
green apple if you had the green apple
taken from you or you lent that green
apple to that experiment your eyes is
going to easily jump to that green apple
because you're activating that
particular activating system it's you
have an interest in it that's what's
happening so when you're back testing
what you're building subconsciously is
with your Journal you're sweet talking
it's pillow talk you're literally
falling in love with yourself seeing
something that's already happened and
that's the same thing that happens when
a young man follows his father into the
woods and he's looking down in the snow
and his dad's saying this is a rapid
Trail this is a a dog print this is a
raccoon Trail this is what we're looking
for Son Well I want to impress my dad I
want to please my dad so I'm going to
spend a lot more attention focusing on
what the details of that footprint of
that deer looks like because when he
asks me again I want to make him proud
and he tells me well done son so you're
activating your reticular activating
system by looking at Old price data and
then in the annotations in your chart
you're filling that up with positive
sweet talk like you really saw it happen
and then when you at the end of the
weekend
okay on a Saturday or Sunday when the
markets are not trading and you're just
you're completely detoxing yourself
saying okay what did I do this week that
I did right and really congratulate
yourself really cheerlead yourself there
and in anything you didn't do
right present that as an opportunity I'm
glad I have the opportunity to study
this more in depth because I feel like
once I get this underg grasp I'm going
to be that much better as a Trader you
see how empowering that
is versus yeah I messed up I didn't do
this and I didn't do that and you beat
yourself up your subconscious retains
that and you wonder why you feel
self-conscious you feel like you're not
confident enough you feel like you're
not going to be able to do it because
you're telling yourself and there's no
better critic no stronger critic no
bigger troll than yourself when you're
really honest with yourself when you
know something nobody else is going to
tell you otherwise it's you're on it
youin nobody going to tell me anything
about me I know what I can do nobody
going to tell me I can't do this you
can't do that you're not doing on a live
account you're not doing this you're not
doing that listen who's out here telling
you I'm doing
it when
you in subtle ways all day long tell
yourself reinforce yourself that you're
not good enough that you're never going
to learn it those people are probably
right why bother I ain't going to try
yeah he probably is a scammer oh he's
probably this he's probably that you're
making excuses for why you don't want to
do it now if you go into your Journal
and you're supercharging your
subconscious and telling yourself with
positive selft talk positive selft talk
is the most powerful thing a human
person can use to manage their emotions
and the psychological impacts of
stress it's your perception that many
times is what you're afraid of because
there's so many W if things in the world
and in trading that you're going to
scare yourself right out of the
opportunity of being successful because
what if it doesn't work well instead of
thinking that what if it works way
beyond your
expectations what if it takes me two
years to learn this and five years what
if it only takes you less than one
year how much more rewarding will it be
for you to have gone through the process
and you're surprised pleasantly that it
took you far less time than you thought
that's how you should be thinking about
it do not invite other people into your
Journal do not invite other people's
opinion of you in your Journal do not
even have conversations about what
you're doing why you're learning this
because no one is is going to give you
positive selft talk they're not going to
do it they're going to tell you even
your your mother and father make like
well be careful son be be careful uh
honey don't don't don't don't lose your
shirt in that that right there that's
your mother and your father telling you
that it might be your brother your
sister you might be your closest friend
your closest car closest coworker Carl
before you understand what he really is
doing to you you might like him and you
fall victim to his crap [__] talking to
you talking you down so that way you
stay there like a lifer like
you're not a
lifer you're not a lifer at your job
that's just the right now I have to do
it and I I have to just eat it right now
but I'm cutting out a
pathway that I'm going to be so pleased
with and I'm accepting the fact that
it's not going to happen right over
overnight it's not going to be like that
but you have to encourage yourself and
the things that you sweet talk yourself
in the journal making them things that
you're looking for that you can see in
hindsight obvious
you are encouraging yourself with words
like you knew it was going to be there
and it was amazing to see it pan out
like this and then when you read it on
the weekend what happens is you've
already Sweet talked it and now it's in
your subconscious so you created a
memory that's
positive then when you look at it days
later on the weekend which is what you
should be doing every single day on the
Saturday or Sunday you're not looking
for trade setups you're reading your
journal and looking at printouts and
screen screen shots where you have done
this now your brain and your
subconscious is going to call on a
memory that you've created with
positive feel good warm and
fuzzies that's what it feels good when
you reminisce about your childhood the
good things doesn't it feel good when
you remember sitting on your
grandfather's lap and eating your
grandmother's baked cookies and all
these really good things around the
holidays doesn't it feel good why why
does it feel good because it meant
something to you and you retained it
with
subconscious Reflections that wow this
is really fun this tasted really good I
love the company of this
person contrast that with a bad
relationship that you're no longer part
of just to hear their
name I don't even want to hear about it
because you have done what you have
reinforced that thing that moment that
person that event in the past with
toxicity
negative so you want to filter all that
stuff out of your journaling you want to
filter all that stuff out of your back
testing and you're sweet talking
yourself you're Romancing your future
trading self that's what you're doing
you're Romancing yourself you're saying
all the sweet pillow talk because when
you look at it on the weekend and you
look back at that same chart now you had
the benefit of true 2020 hindsight with
the whole entire range of what the
market did and then you're saying that
in your annotation that you're pleased
with yourself that you saw this coming
and it paned out exactly like you
thought it would and this is what it
delivered in terms of the data this is
how much of a draw down it occurred this
is how long it took to get to a Target
this is where first profit would be this
is how long in handles the number of
handles it took to get there and you
have this and you're telling yourself
this was a good experience and you do
this every single week what you're
feeding yourself subconsciously is
you're fortifying your mind you're
building up your mind and you need that
in this because it's so easy for you to
detract yourself it's so easy to talk
yourself out of it scare yourself and
you're never allowing toxicity even if
there's an opportunity for you where you
didn't do something if you didn't
observe something properly you say I
have the wonderful opportunity to use
this focal point this new thing that I'm
now just starting to learn I'm excited
because once I get this I'm going to be
that much better of a Trader my analysis
is going to go through the roof because
I will fully understand this part are
you saying you were stupid and you
didn't see that coming and you missed it
entirely
no no never never never do that never do
that your future trading self is a child
right now would you ever talk down to
your child and discourage them and break
their Spirit what kind of parent would
you
be
terrible so your future self is still a
child in its development so you want to
nurture that you want to cudle it and
and give it protection nothing negative
nothing toxic and touch it you're
fostering this perfect future self this
perfect form of you that's what you're
building up and it's a form of
meditation and it allows you also when
you do have periods of where you just
don't feel like you're you're connecting
with the market stop trading stop
looking at Price action go back and
reflect to your journal what do you
think's going to happen when you read
all that
stuff you're your subconscious
remembered as a memory what kind of
memory it's a warm and fuzzy memory
because I made time to write down these
things in my own words and I'm reading
my own it's my own words it's not a post
by ICT it's not a a a rant that ICT is
cheerleading me I wrote this down this
is my words I did this and your brain's
going to remember that and it's going to
make it even more sweeter and it's going
to be like a medicine for you it's GNA
smooth out all that stress and anxiety
and say you know what I remember this
stuff does work I remember these things
do repeat but when you have a bad moment
a bad day of engaging price it's just
one day folks it's is one day that you
didn't deliver on the highest output you
weren't firing on all cylinders you
weren't on your A game that day there's
days when I'm going to be like that
there's days when I'm not going to feel
good there's going to be days where I'm
tired and I just I'm not well and if I
make the mistake of going in and trying
to be the the optimal form of ICT it's
not going to deliver and when it doesn't
I'm not going to say oh well you know so
and so it's just this is what happened
and I know enough to know that I didn't
do what I should have done which is take
myself away from the marketplace or not
trade with so much leverage or don't
trade that session wait till an
afternoon you see how it's easy to
manage all these things that you're
worrying about right now all these scary
things or this toxic I don't know if I'm
going to be able to do it how do I do it
how do I go into this I'm scared about
this I'm scared about that you feed
yourself subconsciously with your
journal and you literally sweet talk and
romance yourself with the opportunities
the things you're supposed to be
studying you write in your journal in
the chart that it was amazing to see
this deliver like this I'm so pumped up
that I know that this stuff
repeats think about
it what would you tell your son if he
wanted to be uh a baseball player and
he's going ready join the the the
baseball team in your area you gonna
tell them ah
man listen you're not gonna be a Yankee
okay you're not gonna be in the World
Series come on just get out there and
cut the grass and be glad that I'm
letting you do it okay you're not gonna
do stuff like
that you're like you know what son it's
gonna be awesome I can't wait to see you
play and then you're gonna do what
you're gonna do everything you can to
make sure you watch him his first time
at the batting plate and the first time
he runs the first place and he's gonna
look over at you because he wants to see
you being proud of him that's what
you're doing with your future
self that's exactly what you do in your
Journal you want to know how to journal
that's how you Journal that's what
you're doing with
it you
are coddling yourself you're reminding
yourself that you're worth it that
you're worth the time and the investment
that you're putting into this even
though it's free even though you're not
paying any money it's costing you a lot
because you're wrestling with the fear
and the anxiety and the concerns that
you're not going to be successful with
it so you have to constantly feed
yourself and then over time you're going
to see the benefits of doing that you
won't feel it right
away two months three months into it
you're gonna be like yeah I feel the
change like I feel it like I feel I'm
I'm not worrying about the toxic things
I was worrying about I do absolutely see
these things repeating so there's now
you have hard data in your hands and you
have reinforced it with memory you've
created AIT memory of something that you
may not have saw real time but you're
going to say you saw it in the journal
real time and your brain retains that as
a positive memory and then when you
refer back to it days later what are you
calling on subconsciously you're calling
on a memory that has all the warm and
fuzzies which makes it wonderful so now
what does that do for you when you start
looking at real- time price action it's
the same effect when you buy that car
you've made something important to you
you have a real interest that you have
drawn close to your heart you love your
car you've been waiting for this car you
couldn't wait to get it couldn't wait
for them to bring it out of the showroom
it's all waack them pretty for you gas
tanks full here's the here's the keys to
your new Rod your new whip you can't
wait to be seen by everybody driving
around well when you look at charts and
now you see something that you've been
telling yourself is a good thing this is
a good memory and your subconscious says
oh yeah that's that thing we look at we
love
it's the same thing your brain's doing
when your particular activating system
is keyed up on your car that you just
bought that's why you see them every car
that's like yours your eye will jump to
every car all around you your eye goes
right to that one that's the same thing
that's going to happen in your trading
your price action skills will jump right
to that fair value Gap that you're
looking for just like you're going to
see that deer track when you walk up on
it and you please your dad and say Dad
look at the deer track it's right there
well done son I'm proud of you boy
that's what I'm talking about that's
what you do with yourself in your
journaling and if you treat your
investment study time back testing
forward testing you continuously do
that you will never ever run out of
motivation to do this and you will
weather whatever length of time it
requires and you no longer worry about
how long it's going to take for you to
get good at it because it's become a
lifestyle see you you want to trade
profitably and consistently but you
don't really want the the lifestyle you
want to easily just drop in your lap and
it can't work that way you have to adopt
the lifestyle first submitting to the
things that traders that make money
consistently they do these things they
manage their fears they manage their
greed they manage the defeats they have
in being stopped out and having losing
days how do they do that what I'm doing
here nobody teaches it like this I had
to formulate this stuff and take lessons
I learned from overcoming Anxiety and
agoraphobia and I said you know
what this stuff literally will work for
me in
trading and it
did and everybody I taught it to has
always said the same thing this is
amazing like I have so much more grasp
on my daily routines I don't have panic
attacks anymore I don't anxiety attack
they have stress everybody has I have
stress I'm loaded I don't have to do
anything I could just stop doing
everything and sit still and I'm okay I
don't care I'm good I'm not bragging I'm
just saying but I still have
stress in this world we're going to have
tribulation we're going to have problems
and troubles all of us are going to have
that stuff but how you relate to that
and respond to that is going to
determine how well you live how
successful are you you can be very very
wealthy and constantly ate up with
anxiety and stress and just be a
miserable person
all of this might be the very crutch
that you need to get out of your
depression to get out of your low
self-esteem and also your loneliness you
may not be able to meet someone
perfectly for you because you Harbor all
of these self-defeating attributes about
yourself low self-esteem you're
depressed why bother I'm not going to
dress myself up and look nice and go in
public I not to just Loaf and just be
you be thankful I'm wearing pants today
I'm in the grocery store and get my
groceries you know you're going to care
more about yourself you're going to car
yourself differently because your sense
of selfworth goes through the roof when
you start seeing these things prove to
yourself that you are not required to be
an economic and financial giant or
intellectual giant either but you do
have to fix your broken self and
everybody has something broken in them
and the way you fix that is you
self-talk selft talk is telling yourself
you know I did this well today I'm
pleased that I was able to have the
courage to go and do it even though I
didn't want to do it in the beginning
I'm glad I pressed into it and did it
I'm glad I I'm glad I watched that
entire video and I got to that point
that point or part of it where he he
gave me something that really made an
impact on me I could have turned that
video off and said yeah I'm not really
getting anything from this but now you
have something that supercharg your
learning supercharge your personal time
in everything you do not just trading
and it manages your expectations it
manages your emotions the psychological
effects of the stress that you're going
to feel doing this while learning how to
do it it's replaced with cheerleading
yourself everything's a positive
everything's a positive and you're never
retaining anything as a negative
anything that's not done right is an
opportunity for you to dig into it and
learn more and be better because of it
think about that that in and out itself
changed it for me when I would lose or
if I felt like I wasn't learning how to
do something fast enough or at all
when I change my perspective to now I am
excited because it didn't work the first
time I tried using it but I am so keyed
up on wanting to be able to use this I
believe in it I believe it's possible
that's the reason why I hammered this
algorithm that's the reason why I do it
because so many of you are going to
throw in the towel because you think
that that makes me a fraud because there
can't be an algorithm so therefore
everything I say is fraudulent and it
couldn't be true so don't don't even
bother wasting any
time anybody that leaves comments says
yeah I wasted years trading ICT Concepts
no you didn't you Wasted Years not doing
it right that's what you did everybody
heard the same
lectures and I have profitable students
and the ones that did find profitability
they
journaled they didn't beat themselves up
and they didn't want overnight success
and everybody that complains and cries
about it they want immediate payout they
want immediate success they want to quit
their job and walk around like a social
media celebrity and I'm telling you
that's not what you I I can I can enjoy
all the fruits of doing that kind of
stuff and I don't because I know enough
that that doesn't do anything but draw
you
down stay humble I play a role online I
play an arrogant prick I do that because
it's shocking and it gets people to come
here and watch my stuff that's not who I
am that's that's genuinely not who I am
I don't take any crap off of anybody but
that's not that's like my WWF wrestler
personification like I'm this I'm Stone
Cold Steve Austin basically that's how I
walk around in the trading industry but
I'm the nicest sweetest guy and I'm
probably not g to talk much if we were
around each other it takes a lot for me
to open up and you wouldn't think that
because I talk talk talk like I have a
mouth I just keep talking talking
talking because I'm comfortable in this
element because you're not sitting next
to
me I don't I don't know who you are if
you're sitting next to me so I'm not
going to feel comfortable talking to you
but I I went through the same process
and I fixed a lot of things that were
broken inside of me that allowed me to
stick to this to be able to see these
things and learn what I had to do to
overcome them and I'm confident that if
you apply this strategy in your
journaling it'll fix most not all but
it'll fix most of your psychological
barriers the fear the low self-esteem
you'll have the data to support that
it's worthwhile for you to continue and
it's that's that's a really important
thing because Caleb I'm sure he could
talk himself right out of this and say
well you know I'll just slow down and
Dad will just get frustrated and he'll
just accept the fact that it's not for
me it'd be easy for him to do
that I don't want him to do that but
that's how it would work for him because
he's my son but for you you're not my
child you're not related to me and it's
easy you just don't watch any more
videos you don't study the information
anymore and you just don't look at the
market or quit entirely or go do
something else and to make yourself feel
better about the decision you'll talk St
you'll talk [__] about me and that's
what everybody else does and those
people aren't successful so why would
you listen to their opinion how about
listening to the people that used the
information did everything I said right
and they're proving they're making
money they're not watching me for trades
they're doing their own
trades so what is it that they're doing
differently they're doing what I taught
they did it properly if I didn't have
anybody profitable then everybody had a
a case against me and say yeah this this
is this guy's fraudulent he can't teach
anybody how to do it and it doesn't work
therefore there there it is but look
whose logo on YouTube everywhere look
what everybody's trying to do and look
at how all these people are getting
payouts in funding account companies how
many people are proven with broker
statements it's everywhere you have no
excuse not to be excited about it and
they're not being expected to pay me and
it's my
stuff it's mine and not I'm not
demanding you pay me for
it I was shocked that Caleb was even
making it where you guys would listen to
this like these are lectures and L since
I had no intentions of teaching anybody
even private mentorship
students and they're buzzing like you
are too because they're like man this is
amazing like this is amazing like that
it's all clicking for me
right yep because this is the market
this is the
market and you need to encourage
yourself and the way you do that is
through your Journal so I want to
quickly go into
uh um
we're in uh NASDAQ right now so let's go
into
[Music]
this take this off because if I don't
it'll still be on the chart later on
it'll be bothering and I don't need
this I'm going to just quickly review
the trade in es and then quickly review
the NASDAQ first and I'm going to close
the video or the live stream a second
if you've liked what you've heard today
I know a lot of people gave a lot of
feedback yesterday I took the
opportunity for you to uh thumbs up the
video just to prove I don't need it even
if it's not up there I can still see the
thumbs up on the which I don't ever see
the thumbs down but there's there's some
thumbs down because it's not 100%
liked which to me is always fascinating
I love that because that means there's
somebody out there that just is in
denial and as long as there's people out
there in denial that means there's going
to be liquidity they're going to be on
the other side of your trade and be
thankful for
that all right so we are looking at the
NASDAQ and this was done with a demo
account so that way you can see that I'm
I'm sticking to
my we don't need to see that do we it's
just
executions all right so I was talking to
my private mentorship students this
morning on Telegram and uh some of them
even know they're they're paid students
and whatnot some of them it's usually
the 2021 group that does this the older
students don't really uh think this way
but the last group I took in um was one
of the largest groups I had like it was
a lot of people and a lot of them didn't
complete it because other people were
leaking it and they thought that they
would get the same exposure and lessons
by getting it that way
and those same individuals eventually
reached out to me an email saying can I
rejoin and there's no re there's you
can't rejoin okay it's over I'm never
doing another one and the people that
made themselves into that group for that
particular user group that are charter
members I talk to them and I keep
engagements open I do not call markets
live for them like this I'll point to
watch this level note this level note
that level but I don't do it every day
and then like this morning I I I shared
this this uh this trade here and and one
of the 2021 students was like why didn't
you tell us why I show it afterwards and
when I do when I get stuff like that I I
lose interest in that user group and I I
want them to feel what it's like because
that's not the mindset that they should
have the mindset should be oh he gave me
something that he executed on let me go
in and study
it I am not showing you something I'm
not showing you executions for the sake
of wow look at me because I've been up
front and told you I'm teaching through
the medium of what a paper trading
account because I'm not a licensed
financial adviser so I have to protect
myself and if this was a live account
nothing is different it just means it's
taxable income this this is not a large
trade position 10 10 contracts is not a
lot or 12 contracts is not a
lot I know what I'm doing I know how to
do it clearly and it's important for you
if you if you struggle with this if you
struggle with this part
okay you can't be taught by me that cuz
that's going to be in the Forefront of
your mind the whole time instead of
saying the proper mature perspective is
okay clearly this was done in live
market conditions because you can watch
what I shared in the recording that this
little area up here I'm highlighting it
showing it's the market open okay if I
do a market replay
if I click anything up here Market
replay look what happens to that Green
Dot it goes away you see that right here
it's no longer a Green Dot you certainly
can't click on it and says market open
what is it doing it says replay mode I
don't teach with replay I don't take
trades with replay I don't do that look
what else happens down here at the
bottom of the screen you see that see
these this is like uh the the play
Rewind stuff and how fast you can do it
that's not what I'm doing here so when
I'm executing I'm executing on under
the the the premise that it's viewable
for you to see that is this was a
real execution over live data if the
things I'm teaching you don't hold up in
a demo they sure as [__] aren't going to
hold up in a life setup or a life
trading account right so right away you
have the easy litmus test if the things
I'm teaching can't be replicated and I'm
doing it like I'm doing this for free
folks I I have things I could absolutely
be doing with my personal time not spoon
feeding you stuff that you actually
don't even deserve like you don't
deserve
this I'm not here you selling courses to
you when I could be making millions of
dollars doing that again I could be
making millions of dollars doing
mentorship I could literally be doing
this for big big
money but you're sitting here with your
head up your ass thinking oh he only
does it in demo
find somebody else that can do it
equally as well as me explaining it the
detail using what I've taught here they
won't be able to do it they will not be
able to do they'll have a little bit
here a little bit there but they will
not be able to have the Precision I'm
showing
you and I'm showing you examples this
way because I want you to go in and
study them they're perfect opportunities
it was good enough for me to take the
trade on so therefore it's good enough
for you to dig into it and see what the
the repeating phenomenons are right so
let's dig into it
if you think differently don't leave a
comment because every time you leave a
comment like that I I I just broom you I
never see any of your comments ever
again but you think you're over there
you know saying something I'm worrying
about I'm not worrying about it like I
don't hide it I literally don't hide it
because I have legal constraints that in
the United States I have to do these
types of things but you're a [__] and
you're in another country and you're
talking to me about oh you don't do this
you don't do that get the [__] out of
here dude like I'm literally saying this
stuff's happen over live
data how how many times am I getting it
wrong H so the logic was this I I I
shared a chart with my private
mentorship students and I told them also
to look at
um Monday's low that was another thing
for uh a commentary on this morning
before we started even
streaming I like getting in real early
in the day
if the market is providing me a means to
engage it okay so when I do things
before 7 o'clock I'm not trying to teach
you not to follow the rules that I'm
laying down I'm just executing for the
sake of you going in and studying
because it's price action price action
is the same thing it the things that
it's doing right here is the same things
it's going to do at 7:00 at 8:00 at 9:00
at 10:00 at 1
at two at 3 it's going to repeat it's
going to do the same type of thing in
London when I teach you specific time
frames like start looking at the market
at 7 o'clock in the morning don't worry
about anything before 7 o'clock I'm not
trying to hide these things from you and
then come back and say hahaa I'm
superior look I'm executing before I'm
just giving you something that I'm going
to be live streaming I live stream every
day now and I'm giving you something to
study I'm giving you more things to work
with to make it better for you if you
don't like me showing these examples
collectively in the comment section I'll
see it you send me a wave of don't do
these anymore we're not learning
anything from it if the entirety of the
community as a whole comes back and says
these are not helpful to you it's
nothing I can stop it's not a big deal I
don't need to do these things I don't
need to but it's usually two or three
people every single time I put put up an
execution video and it's always it's
always in demo you're broomed you're a
clown like you're never going to learn
how to do it because you're worried
about the least important
factor go up there on on the playlist
and look at the tdmr trading account I
log in you'll see three months of every
single trading day every single trading
day and I was answering questions with
students that would say what happens if
it's like this and I said well I'll show
you in a live account and I used live
market conditions with real money and I
doubled the account in five weeks with
having 30% intended draw down one of the
ladies are asking hey hey what happens
if you're in 20% draw down how like how
would you do that okay this is how I'm
gonna do it there it is done one
contract one
contract not 20 over 20 contracts over
linked accounts one using full margin
TDM trade doesn't give you discount
margins Okay so when you when you look
at that Robins account uh leaderboard
and it's a couple hundred% it don't take
me long to get what's up there that none
of that is even worrisome none of that's
worrisome you just sit back and relax
okay but the point is if you're worried
about this being just demo and you're
not appreciating understanding that the
fact that I'm in Dangerous Waters if I'm
out here
claiming that you're going to make
millions of dollars if you do what I'm
doing I can't make that claim I cannot I
can't make that claim even though I'm
teaching for free I can't make that
claim and I don't make that claim I
always promise and I always beat my
chest and say my Concepts will mop the
floor with everything else out there and
once you learn how to do this you will
read price better than anything else out
there will do for you and I will stand
in front of anybody any Court say it
prove it with people that I have the
students that are doing it and I'll do
it like I do right here in front of you
call every every one minute candle
before it happens
like I I ain't got no problem with it
I'm out here doing it live if I thought
that I couldn't do it if I was scared
like this somehow going to stop working
I wouldn't be out here explaining it
live but that's a weak-minded person
that just simply will not do what's
required to learn how to do it they'll
always be in people's comment sections
and they'll still be working a job that
ain't making them enough money that's
what's going to happen that's the other
side of this so what I was talking to
you earlier how to build yourself up
fortify your your subconscious and and
feed yourself to all the right things
that's what encourages you to keep going
forward and and and it it's a matter of
sticking to a process okay and when I
give you trade examples it's showing you
because I can show you something in
replay I can be what everybody else does
and to me I can't live with myself like
that I I can't live with myself like
that I can't so I have to execute over
real time I have to do that number one
it's easy for me to do it two it is a
reward for your time spending with me
that yeah I can do this so if Michael
can do it he's using the same rules he's
teaching I'm watching price action using
this this content I should use these as
mile markers can I eventually get to
that point where I'm taking these
because these are easy trades these are
not high technical trades these are very
easy bread and butter type setups these
happen every single day you don't even
need to trade with a bias like they just
there're just it's real easy and I'm not
trying to say look at this is this is
the model for Caleb this is this is
Caleb's model no this is just for you to
study you're not I'm not P pushing you
into a one mode this whole entire
YouTube channel that's the premise of it
I'm showing you all of the opportunities
that are there for you which makes sense
for
you and when
you figure what that is for yourself
don't worry about anything else I'm
doing that's the mature mindset okay
well yeah I'm trading optimal trade
industry I get it and all the stuff is
fascinating it's neat but I I have
something that's making me money I make
money with this ICT so I'm not trying to
break it or make make changes to it
that's a mature mindset that's what I
want my students all have that when you
get your model you don't care what I'm
doing you don't care if I teach anything
else in the future you don't care you
might watch it but it ain't changing
what you're doing because what you have
Works find that in your mentors they're
not going to tell you that they're going
to be trying to sell you the next thing
the next course the next little gimmick
I'm not trying to do that I'm giving you
the proper framework for you to develop
and if I can't show you examples that
means that I don't know what I'm
doing if it can't be done over live feed
live data then it it doesn't hold
water so you can clearly see that that
Green Dot is in the recordings the
bottom of the screen it shows the time I
gave the entire recording with no change
in the
speed so that way you can see it's not
sped up I didn't hide anything it's it
is what it is uh the second one I didn't
do um any audio in it because as you
heard in the first one my puppies were
really hyper this morning they're
jumping all around squeaking their
little ball toys and stuff but if you
look at what we have here we have a new
day opening Gap and one of the comments
that was uh left by one of the J saids
we can use a new day opening Gap older
than five days I've commented on that
okay but for Caleb to give him a
foundation and for you for a couple
weeks maybe a month or two only focus on
the ones that are within the last five
days and the last five weeks for new
week opening gaps okay you have to take
notes if you just listen to me and you
have selective hearing you're not
learning you're not you're not trying to
learn right okay if you're asking and I
have a lot of people in the comments
section asking questions I've already
addressed in the very video they're
leaving a comment on
so that right there indicates that
you're lazy and I broom you I delete
your channel you can't well not delete
it but I I it's called Uh hide user from
Channel that means I'm never going to
see your comment I'm never going to hear
that ever again from you because you're
telling me that you're lazy you're not
willing to take notes and you're not
willing to listen if you're not willing
to listen you aren't a student of mine
you need to go somewhere else and I wish
you luck at it whatever you do I hope
you you're finding success in it but I
don't have time
to have those types of people use up my
bandwidth and attention if I'm going
through the comment section I I look
through them and if I see something that
is a wave of the similar type of
question then I okay that's a real good
area for me to talk about when I get
into the next one or I'll go in and look
for setups that give me that reason to
talk about it and that's why I talk so
much because I have a lot of people
asking about a specific thing and then
I'll address it I'll talk about it and
I'll find ways to you know ring into it
with real-time price action so it kind
of addresses it over realtime price
action so you can see how it fits how
it's ger main to the the discussion and
how I think and feel about it based over
real-time price action you can't get a
better uh way of teaching than that like
it's
it's it's engaging it's real and it's
over a real-time price action like I I
have to I have to draw on the things
I've already taught here unless it's
something new but now you get something
new those rules R are not changing and
when people say I
disagree with your classification of
that being a fair value Gap it didn't
send price
lower it didn't send price
lower so the characteristics you're
trying to attribute to it you're
incorrect if I make a mistake I can come
back and say I make a mistake I've done
that before but when I'm classifying the
PD arrays they're they're what they are
and I'm giving you the details as to why
and you'll see the logic is not changing
madus okay and a Reaper are not the same
thing it's there are certain things that
are taking place and they may do
something slightly different and the
weak-minded lazy are going to say oh
well it's faor value that and then
you're going to think it's going to
behave a certain way and it won't and
then you're G to say well this stuff
doesn't work like the Tom Dick and
Harry's or in other people's YouTube
channels leaving comments and circle
dripping each
other if you don't want to learn the
logic that's your business but to learn
the logic I do executions so that way
you can go in and say okay this is
something that was a button was pushed
time was spent on it a stop loss was
placed ween exercise understanding by
going in and back testing it really
strip it down and see what was in in the
charts at the time
and if you look at we have the time of
day here and the next one's here
okay so what I'm watching is we had
already traded up into this volume IM
balance there we went lower and then we
went one more time bumped it and
remember I was telling you earlier that
the bodies of the candles can go just a
little bit outside of the the PD aray
the the high of that PD is this candle's
close move this down here like
this this price right here watch that
okay
point2 so when we went above it here
with this candle's
close the fact that it did that it's so
subtle that it's permissible I I I allow
that to to happen and not change
anything that I expect in price action
because it's like your child that colors
in the coloring book it could go outside
the lines and you still are proud of
that child's work so when my when my is
behaving like this I am not looking at
price and saying oh well you know um
it's it's broken or they changed it they
didn't change anything it's doing
everything it's normally going to do and
the next candle confirms it because it
stays where inside of that volume IM
balance so the market shows a
willingness to go lower so we had stops
taken
here the market
drops and then right in
here what is
this if this run up takes out the
liquidity and this Gap with this volume
imbalance anyone else that doesn't know
really what's going on they may look at
that and say oh this is a buy and then
look for it to go
[Music]
higher I do this I have people also
yelling at me in the comment section
dude you waste so much time doing this
if you would just do do what
do do
this do these over here I got them
already folks okay I already have that I
do this because new students are going
to come here all the time and they will
ask me questions how do you change the
color of this and how do you change the
color of that so I literally walk
through it because I'm an educator okay
I'm not dollar me mentorships okay I'm
not five in trainers
I do things the old school way I want
you to learn it properly so I draw out
everything like I want you to do in the
beginning if you want to make things the
shortcut everything for you that's
wonderful I'm going to maximize this
before I do it let me show you again
look real close for the people that get
their [__] heard about this okay see
that right there says paper trading so
that way you can go on the internet and
talk about me but I want somebody else
that talks about me to do it with the
paper training account be this accurate
about it and that consistent with it so
you can see that we have this
inefficiency that's
overlapped I love the fact that when we
drop down and we had this little Wick
that little Wick right there is a mohawk
so whenever you see that on your chart
when you're annotating and back testing
this is how you should
properly annotate
that this is what I refer to as a
mohawk and a mohawk is just where price
has been allowed and you you as the
analyst afford it to behave in a certain
manner that is just outside of what
would be perfect perfect would be to
stop at right at that candle's open
because there's a volume imbalance
whenever you have a volume imbalance
that's part of a buy side imbalance or
sell-side in efficiency you cannot just
use the low of the wick you got to use
the volume inbalance that's the true
range of that
inefficiency because you have
technically you have two PD arrays
agreeing with the same context of price
being offered what strongly with buy
side inefficient and sell side it means
it's got to offer this type of price
action where it's dropping down over
that same range between this candle's
high and this candle's open which is the
volume of balance so we have now two two
deliveries up and down and then we have
this one more attempt to do something
above it and it
Wicks see that it Wicks that little tiny
coloring outside the lines of that
volume B
high that right there and where we close
with the bodies tells me that this
should drop lower the next scet we open
drops lower one more time to consequent
encroachment we break lower we create an
order block this order block is part of
this
one what kind of order block would this
be if you went through the core content
in
2016 I believe it's month Four's content
you can find that on the playlist on my
YouTube channel for free um I go through
all of the PD arrays that I was willing
to teach at that time obviously I've
taught new ones but uh the ones that are
in core content I teach the propulsion
block so we
have order
block that reaches the high end of
the inefficiency over
here there it drops this one here this
candle's body cannot breach half of the
order block that it's traded back into
when you get that it's kind of like a
tipping of the hand it
says we have an order block that should
send price lower and then there's
another one that's digging into that
previous order block so you're really
getting a lot of conviction placed
around the idea that prices should be
repelling away from this one and
certainly away from this one but we have
this order block forming inside of a
inefficiency
and the consequent cach of that
inefficiency is right
here see that so I'm I'm going to take
the execution off just for a sec because
they're in the way and I'll put them
back on when it's
done for the talking points of this
part so we Wick up into I was using this
order block as my initial entry you'll
see it when I put the executions back on
I'll put my cursor so you can see where
those entries were and then as the live
stream occurred as we went into
consequent encroachment of this Wick as
soon as we hit half of that right there
I went in on that candle I'll say I take
that too I'm not afraid that it might go
higher why am I not afraid because I
have an inefficiency here that has
changed into an inversion this is a
little coloring outside lines could it
hold on to that no and then we closed
here not at the high of the fair value
got near the metal and then the next one
we do what we confirm it we open trade
outside of it so what what has it done
here on that candle what has it done
it's
left this Gap energetically and look how
it
closed so that means we can still trade
up to consequent encroachment of this
inefficiency because that's normal
that's normal and it could be normal
through the lens of the wick doing it
only what do we see here we open the
body goes all the way up here stops just
by a little bit so that little movement
above that midpoint of this inefficiency
is the same thing up outline here that's
a mohawk so you would do the same thing
here in your Journal you do this if you
don't do these types of things okay and
I mean this if you don't log this and
recognize these things in your back
testing you're GNA [__] freak out
when you're watching price action and
it's a bold face green candle and you're
going to think oh it's going to run
higher when you when you hear me talking
about price you how many times am I
going who
or you hear my voice shake my breathing
you don't hear any of that stuff this is
old hat stuff because I've been doing it
for such a long time you're going to
have that same bored approach to
watching price eventually turning into
real-time trades because you've seen it
so many times it's it's normal but when
it's a boldfaced bullish candle and it's
all the way at the highest high it's
going to be terrifying to you in the
beginning you're going to second guess
everything then the market comes down
here and closes outside
the fair value Gap validating this right
here so this is just returning back to a
level that's permissible then the Market
opens in decisive candle we want to see
it drop away it does now we know that
this is a propulsion block why because
its Candlestick body did not close above
or cross mid part of this Candlestick
which is the order
block the rules I'm showing you here
there's very specific rules that's going
to be in the book it's this let's
actually mentioned through all all three
of them really because I can't just
teach order blocks in one book but it's
spread out over the the
trilogy the propulsion
block its entire range needs to be
referred to and it it went just a little
bit above halfway point of that
inefficiency now we're expecting this to
be treated as an inversion fair value gu
so while it's not on the chart these are
all the things that my eye is seeing my
brain is seeing my subconscious is
retaining old information old lecture
old notes old logic that I've shared
everything's coming together like a
perfect storm and I'm seeing all these
things immediately when I'm looking at
price and it sounds like you're never
going to get like like to this because
this seems like a whole lot of
complication and it's not it's really
easy stuff it's very simple stuff you
just haven't been logging it and seeing
it and then now you're familiar think
about how it felt when you first started
thinking about uh learning to trade with
fair value gaps
you're like what is a fair value G I
don't understand it is this a fair value
G no because the candle crossed over
here and tus that you see that was just
you not knowing something and then
spending a little bit of time now of a
sudden your eye jumps right to a fair
value
got so this is now uh inversion Fair B
Gap so in my
my objective as a
teacher whenever I have a range like
this that's highly a fair value Gap if
it's ever a hue it's an orange what I'm
saying is it's its role has reversed so
whatever it would have been initially
expected to deliver over here dropping
down it should go higher that's what the
the myopic view is but then when it
gives up The Ghost and leaves it here
and then we get it confirmed there
everything going future allow for it to
trade back up into here but stay out of
what what should it stay out of what
should price not do
explore in the upper part that means
this let me see if there's a price level
I can borrow to make it easy for me it
it's going to work like that all right
let me do it this
way this shaded area here should not be
traded to in this
inefficiency we worked the lower half of
it we mohawked above it but this portion
let me take the halfway off that's not
essential for this part of
discussion we had enough confirmation
here with a
mohawk above the halfway point of that
inefficiency so this is the portion if
it's really valid if it's very very
strong if it's going to send price lower
we will be encouraged and we'll know
we're on side that means we're on the
right side of the marketplace if any
rallies that can be done with with a
wick because the Wicks can do what the
damage that running up into that we
should not be fearful of that we should
be comfortable with it and my stop loss
was above the rejection block which is
the up close in this swing here we have
high higher high lower high the up close
the highest up close in there go into
month fors content in the 2016 private
mentorship playlist on this YouTube
channel go to month four content and
you'll see a lecture that talks about
rejection blocks okay so I've used the
rejection block because it's already
worked it here we traded above that
closing price on the next candle then it
rejected it we went right up to it here
and delivered the same price look like
the same price doesn't it what's the
high of that 592 and 3/4 and the close
is 592 and 3/4 so it just tagged it
right there how is that not proving the
logic of a rejection Block it's it needs
to be traded to one time and then if
it's good it should not go back again
and here it is it stops dead in its
tracks it never goes above it see that
and then this little run here that's why
you watch me in the recording I'm
talking as I do this it's me using this
Wick so I
measure in the
video and this is now I'm sharing this
logic with you so that way every example
I show in the future you're going to see
that if I'm using trade formations like
this it's the same logic
repeating I'm not Reinventing something
you know I mean think about
the the the level of acrobatics that
would be required if this was being made
up on the fly like I've had people when
I was on baby Pips saying oh this guy's
making stuff up man I tell you what this
would be the
biggest
amazing orchestration ever in history if
it was something being contrived and
made up as I went along but that is
consequent encroachment and as it
slammed up into that I said oh I'll take
that too trusting
that my stop loss is not going to get
hit because the logic I this outlined
all here now explain how I can easily
just teach that to you in five minutes
when you have to have an understanding
what a rejection block is you have to
understand the run over here on the
stops that we're going to reach for this
level of liquidity next and then draw
down to a new de opening Gap what is a
new de opening Gap why should this be a
run on stops and why should I even be
concerned about this low and what's this
Gap here and what Happ why are you
putting your uh your fair value Gap High
here and not on the wick because you
showed in one lecture that a fair value
Gap is on the wick to the wick but all
of these things are evolving you
understand that's why five minute
trainers that's why 19 minutes I'm going
to teach you every setup for ICT is
never going to be [__] profitable
it's not fruitful it sells clicks it
gets people's attention but it's not
giving you proper understanding this
this is my stuff and I if I'm going to
teach it I'm going to teach it to you
correctly I'm gonna take the time
because it's my baby it's mine my whole
life's work so I'm not going to half
asset I my whole entire life has been
around codifying these very things I am
not going to Short change it I am not
trying to rush through a video to
appease the short-winded people I can't
I can't care any less about those types
of people I want you to stop watching my
videos if you think that way I swear to
God I wish you would never come back to
my channel because you're wasting your
time I'm not wasting my time and the
people that're here to learn they're not
wasting their time they're making
[__] money when they learn how to do
this and that's the bottom line look and
see the the crowd is getting bigger with
all the
receipts so as it went up here as it
jammed up here like that did you hear me
go oh
[__] it's gonna stop me out oh man it's
prob gonna go for my stop you didn't
hear me say that as soon as it janed up
in there hit that Wick because I was
looking for it I said watch this right
here and then done I'll take that
yes I will have that that's seconds I'm
hungry feed me I want more I want more
of the good stuff where's the good stuff
a run down here and if I can get lucky
enough and I was getting ready to map
out the difference between the I falsely
called it a order block because I'm
talking about it
live this low and the new day opening
gap on August
16th I was going to do half of that
range and I was going to set up a part
paral for that but then all of a sudden
it was like it that's a fun problem to
have is it like okay I'm going to set up
a partial and then bam it just starts
running real good for you that's a real
good that's a trait that you're going to
find that using my
signals not signals my setups and my
framework for your setups and signals
that you take as your own trades that is
a Hallmark of my stuff the the trades
usually are very fast they are eager to
please you they're eager to scratch that
itch they're eager to move go go go
baby you ever seen a movie uh Gone in 60
Seconds nick uh what this what's this
guy's
name
uh I can't think of his name he plays
Ghost
Rider H it'll come to me um at the
beginning of the uh they were going to
steal all these cars on the list for the
black market and they had the Low Rider
song come on they can't go out and do
their job until they play the song it's
just the beginning of the it's okay and
they're all
chilling he's like he's jamming to it
like when I put a trade on in my mind
that's what's going on that that part of
that movie is looping all the time and
then when the run is about to start
taking place and start running off he
goes all right let's ride okay that's
what goes on in my mind that's that's
like like I'm a movie buff like
everything about me is movie movie movie
movie so I have always made these little
annotations in my journal linking things
to movies
so in my mind the dialogue is is before
the move starts taking place I'm
listening to low rider jamming in my
head it's it's it's real real subtle but
then all of a sudden when I know it's
about to take take off it's like it's
that scene where he's like okay let's
ride and they all disperse and they go
after their cars well fun little bit of
business probably doesn't mean anything
for you probably thinking like this is
stuff that doesn't need to be put in the
video you could talked this in 5 minutes
go somewhere else but the fact that it
slams up there real time go watch the
recording this morning
it slams up into it as soon as it
touches the consequent cach from that
level I'm Haring it right at the market
selling
more now I'm expecting because it did
this it should not trade back
into this portion of this
inefficiency okay so in other words I
don't want to see the upper half traded
to I wanted to stay keeping that portion
open because we had so many qualifiers
in here saying that the rejection block
has done its job that's
algorithmic why did this Candlestick
stop right there you telling me that the
sellers this all knew that that
high at uh what is it what is
it 19592 and 3/4 that's this level right
here well look at that
price that high
19592 75 just happens to be the same
price though that closing price 19,00
52.75 so everybody's buying and selling
pressure just happen to agree to let
those those values be what they are and
I taught that lecture in December of
2016 that logic has been around since
1996 mine when I codified
it so the question is is how does it
keep working like this if it's random
buying and selling pressure because you
can't call the buying selling pressure
anything but random if you're going to
assume that that's what makes the
markets go up and down but how is it
that the market you're smiling you're
smiling right now AR you're thinking
this son of a [__] he's cracked at all
no I wrote it so when we're looking at
how the market drops away from this this
right here this rejection block I'm
sorry this uh consequent encroachment is
not going to go back to the rejection
block so I'm not freaking out that my
Stock's going to get hit so it's these
types of things that learning in this
mentorship which is the top tier in
technical science while you're all
looking at my trade executions demo or
not I have live executions with amp on
this YouTube channel that's a real
broker I have executions
using TDM trade live
broker and I'm using the same logic and
you're all questioning dude please teach
stop placement please teach how you're
putting the stop losses where how I need
to get that skill you're learning it
right here every every single time I
lecture and I teach I'm teaching that
but it's one component that needs to be
relying on other things that are
supportive so that's why I'm trying to
tell you anybody that's lying to you and
putting on a facade they're going to
somehow Short change and make it easier
for you to learn this it's impossible to
be shortened there's so many things that
have to lean on one another for it to
mesh
perfectly just because that's you know a
inversion fair value app potentially
there doesn't mean that I'm going to
trade it unless I have other things
supporting it like an order block an
order block has to have other things
around it it's not just an up closed
candle and it's certainly not just the
last up closed candle before the down
move you're learning at PhD level okay
you're you're literally going to have an
understanding about price action that is
completely alien to everybody and I have
people in the audience from Goldman
Sachs
they're watching just like you're
watching and they're scribbling in their
[__] notebooks the same way okay I
have had people reach out to me and say
please we want to have you be a
consultant and the answer is [__] no I
don't want
that this is this is it this is how I do
things okay this is how I do it and if
you don't like it kiss my ass so the
market gives me a perfect execution for
another pyramid ADV entry so as it slams
into that level right there I'm
confident that it's not going to
rejection block which is this up closed
candles closing price because everything
I've outlined here has fortified and
solidified my confidence is valid and I
don't need to worry about it it's not
going to my stock so if it gives me
another premium level which is this one
here because it should not touch the low
of that upper half of
that inefficiency why because when it's
bearish the upper half the premium
aspect of that individual PD array the
upper
half once it leaves it or it assumes
that it should not come back there in my
mind I want to see that area fail to
ever be redelivered to that's exactly
what I want that is not fraking supply
and demand it's
not find that in that in that logic it's
not
there perfect
delivery
executions here's the first one I'm
hammering the opening price right here
on the project uh projection block
propulsion block rather the propulsion
block I'm hammering it as it hits it
there and then the next candle gives me
even better placement which is the
consequent encroachment of that Wick and
right there it is see it look right
there and I'm talking about as I do it
can you do what I'm showing you here
with Market replay with this doing this
can you do that because if you can
you're hacking something I'm not hacking
[__] I've been accused of hacking stuff
in the past I can't hack I don't know
how to
hack you give me too much [__]
credit but it sounds great doesn't it
but beautiful placement there hits it
falls short of the bottom of that
inefficiency upper half and then I want
to see price start to get heavy start to
get real real heavy
and it breaks
lower digs into here I was going to do
something like this
right there halfway point I was going to
use that as a partial so I would have
put a limit order taking three contracts
off of the 12 that would have been there
and the way I would have done that was I
got an iBall of 574
even if it wouldn't have been so quick
dropping in my favor I try to find it
over here on the right hand corner of
the price axis look look over here as
I'm moving where I'm not touching any
candlesticks I'm moving it around till
it goes to 574 even once I have it there
I take my hand off of my mouse surface
uh Pro and then I right click and I go
to
buy but the number has to be if I have
the buttons up here I don't have them up
here because I'm not trying to trade but
you got to have the the number of
contracts that you're going to try to
work with so you would change it to
three if I was going to take three off
but let's just say I want to take five
off okay and I want to take them off I'm
I'm short here 12 because I got six here
I have six here as it's breaking below
that low I'm aiming for this old new day
opening Gap knowing it probably could go
lower but I want to teach my son what I
want to teach him get the easiest fruit
that's hanging lowest just grab it it's
easy it's right there for your taking
don't complicate it if he only gets all
his money off at this level here and not
to that new day opening Gap how's that a
failure you're making money more money
than most of you people that would be
criticizing him and you probably won't
even make that in a month and he can he
could finally make that in one trade but
it's going to take time for to get to
that point so here's 574 the halfway
point then you right click on it and
then you would go to buy five contracts
in this example because if I pull up the
buttons that's where I had uh the number
of contracts last for it but you would
change it to whatever you want and then
you click on that and it drops your uh
you can't see it because I don't have
orders
highlighted and then it would appear
like that and as the market would drop
down here one tick below it that order
would became a market order to buy at
market and it would fill you at 574 or
lower you might get slippage it doesn't
happen all the time but a fast Market
you might get positive slippage which
means you get out at a better price
lower than 574 but 574 is where that
limiter would try to execute you at if
it went down to it and didn't fill it
and went higher you never would be
getting out there it would still be
sitting here like it
is and then you watch me drag the limit
order down into this low hanging fruit
of objective of n a new day opening gap
on August 16th
2024 and there it is you saw the you saw
the trade pan out and that's happening
right here see it right there in
midpoint right there that's not Market
replay okay Market replay has these
really ugly big arrows when you do a a
market replay trade I didn't know that
until I did it in one of the recordings
that proved that I wasn't doing Market
replay but uh I don't need to be
teaching this over live
data with live executions because I have
communicated a model that
is good as it is in demo it's just as
good in in live marketing
conditions clearly I don't have a job
I'm spending my time when other people
would be working you're probably
watching at your job and I'm doing this
for free my question is is when when
individuals take the time to sit down
and think I'm going to go on here and
criticize him the only thing I can think
of is you think that your stupidity is
going to cause me with reverse
psychology like oh I gotta go out here
and prove myself with a live account
that's not going to happen because I
still am met with if I'm doing this in
front of you okay and I'm saying this is
a live account I'm going to put my trade
on with this Live account what am I
saying I'm saying if it's good enough
for me to risk real money hint hint
nudge nudge copy
me that's not going to happen I'm going
to execute okay I'm going to execute in
front of
you I want you to know that that
execution right now is going to be in a
demo account for those
reasons if that does not help you if
that doesn't give you confidence to to
train with me go somewhere else okay
because I'm not opening myself up to
liability just to appease two or three
people each time I do a video because
that's really what it is but I want
these individuals to get past that so
they can learn how to do it themselves
because they're worrying about those
little things and these little little
minion perspectives they they're easily
spread across like a cancer because a
lot of people come into trading with the
Justified uh trepidation and and
scrutiny that everyone should have
placed on them I don't want you to take
my word for it I've said that all always
since day one I want you to take what
I'm saying and go in and see if these
things are appearing in your chart you
don't need me to do anything after that
happens because now you know what you
know it can't be taken away from you no
one can say it didn't happen and when
you're sitting here watching live price
action and I'm calling that explaining
it in detail in its repeating Phenomenon
with the logic that's already been
explained what are you left with oh well
he was honest enough to tell just why
he's not doing it with live data and a
live execution on real money because
he's not trying to entice other people
to do it because then I'm stepping in
the role as what a financial adviser and
I am not doing that I would never do
that but I have no problem pushing a
demo trade in front of you I got no
problem doing that I'm GNA I'm going to
mop the [__] floor with whatever
you're used to seeing as a live streamer
when they're taking trades I'm going to
smoke the [__] out of everybody not
because I'm trying to be an [__] not
because I'm trying to be mean but
because I want you to see what you can
do with this stuff that you can do with
it and also these same live streamers
that pretend that that stuff doesn't
work or that I don't know how to trade
they secretly lose they're using my
stuff and some of you can recognize it
right in their live streams and they
ignore you when you mention it and it's
okay I don't care I want them to get
better I want them to do well I want
them to learn how to trade really really
good because the people that watch them
do it and they're foolish enough to just
copycat at least they'll be copying
someone that knows how to trade well and
that's that's what I'm trying to do I'm
trying to help everybody because there's
a lot of stuff out here that people
claim is not real it's not real that
doesn't make the market go up and down
and they just simply don't know what the
hell they're talking about and they live
in Market replay they live in hindsight
data they live in that because it's easy
to fleece people that are stupid and
they're stupid because they just don't
know any better when I first started
trading I was stupid and I thought I was
smarter before I really was today I'm a
mental giant compared to how I was when
I was making money as a 20-year-old just
because I was making money as a
20-year-old doesn't mean I was smart I
was not smart I had no idea what I was
doing and I was teaching people before I
should have and that's something that I
had learned painfully in the 2000s when
we had the market drop aggressively I
was like man like my my short game isn't
as strong as my long game and I had to
increase it and then get really really
good at it and now I'm not afraid of
shorten shorten to me many times is a
lot more fun because it it tends to be a
little bit faster when things go when
they go down they tend to be a lot more
sudden and dramatic and it's because
it's a built-in characteristic of the
markets they're really a Ponzi scheme
and ponies are you go in to build it up
so it's quick to get back down to a
discount why because it's going to lure
in more suckers to buy at a cheap price
so they can start building that Ponzi
back up so that's why bare markets are
always always stunning and fast but
they're very
shortlived bull markets tend to go up
for a long long time and that is a
built-in priming example for people to
buy and hold Buy and Hold so it's it's a
matter of keeping people under the
subjection to
the rolling class if you will give me a
second I take a
drink I swear I wish I had somebody like
this when I was growing up and learning
how to trade I would have this would
have been amazing for me to be a part of
like I would love to be where you are at
right now in the audience and that's not
me self-loving myself because it's like
fascinating isn't it like when you can
see this stuff and it makes sense it's
it's clear logic it's something that you
can repeat and find setups that repeat
over and over again but uh what was the
other thing I was going to do es now es
has got to change the chart
here I am starving though good grief I
am I'm
hungry um what time of day was that I
haven't been messing with the es for a
while but uh this was something I showed
one of the ladies were asking me um can
I talk a little bit about uh ES
this is
me U promoting Patrick Wheeling so you
can go to his YouTube channel give him
some clicks
um it's not mean spirit I I actually
like Patrick I just wish you know he
would just settle down and try to learn
how to do it better it's it's for free
and you ain't got to hide it nobody's
going to troll you because you openly
admit that you're trying to use some of
the stuff that you're learning from me
and it's good it's good that you're
learning it I don't care it ends up in
your course I don't care I really don't
give a [__] but the point is is this uh
as the market was dropping down this was
Monday's um where's it at here there we
go Monday August 26 2024 it's daily low
and below that low is sside that means
there sell orders so if we look at it
like
this here is
Monday right here that's the
below so there's a there's a setting you
can have and I'm not going to waste my
time trying to fiddle around with it but
I was trying to set up Caleb's uh
trading view where you can highlight the
high and the low um I'm not sure if it's
set to the highest high and lowest low
that's visible on your chart at the time
like if it's dynamic or if it's a high
and the low that shows you previous days
highs and low if there if it doesn't do
that there's a lot of indicators I'm
sure on trading vied you can toggle and
it just automatically populates on your
chart I'm not a fan of
I'm a fan of old school I like the high
touch over high tech I like the fact
that I'm going into the chart and I'm
finding the low of the day and I'm
dropping a horizontal Ray on that and
I'm highlighting it that way because
what I'm doing is I'm taking the time to
verify that I'm finding the low I'm not
building a dependency on uh an indicator
to plot something for me to to me it's
just so [__] lazy it's lazy I like
the high Touch of doing these types of
things that's why my journals are still
are on archaic leather journals that
cost a lot of money and I don't care
about the electronic retrieval
because I'm not in a stage of my
development that I have to go back and
sort through thousands of journal
entries by having it on an electronic
format and I don't trust that technology
won't get I have had iPhones before and
I've had recordings of birthday parties
Christmas very very wonderful pictures
of family M that I no longer have with
me in this world that I can't retrieve
because apple sucks so I will never own
another Apple device and I don't want to
store things like that on those types of
device devices and anything that I'm
journaling the things that I Journal are
so important to me I want to be able to
have them physically in my hands like
physically in my hands so I'm always
going to be a proponent of physically
handling the things without having all
the bells and whistles like while things
like Lux Alo um I'm sure they watch my
videos I'm sure they're in there because
they have a lot of stuff um one of their
most popular indicators is all about
smart money Concepts my name's not
attached to it and it's whatever is it
is what it is but some of the things
that that algorithm or not algorithm but
that U Lux algo indicator is supposed to
do is not it's not accurate and I say
that because it's true it's not
everything in there it's being populated
on the chart is something that I would
use but it looks technical it looks like
it's giving you stuff that I wouldn't
even associate with referring to it at
all and they'll probably have a better
form of that indicator once they read
the books because all the details I'm
willing to share to the public will be
there but I share a lot of it here on
the YouTube channel but the the low on
Monday the liquidity below the previous
days lows the highest high and the
lowest low in the last three trading
days
you have to help you have to have that
information all the time you have to
have it written down in your like your
little notepad next to your computer no
matter what Market you're trading
whether it's Forex whether it's the
treasury bonds um I'm not going to say
anything about crypto because I don't
trade crypto I don't have any experience
with crypto but uh if you're trading any
other Market but
crypto the last three days whatever the
highest high was and the lowest low you
have to have that information because
the market will refer back to that the
previous day
high and the previous day prior to that
so what you're looking for is the
highest high and the lowest low in the
last three
days then you're looking at the high and
the low of the day three days ago it's
not the same thing listen to what I just
said the highest high and lowest low
because you're going to also refer to
like for instance say today's Tuesday
we're going to look at Monday's highest
high lowest low of the day or it's daily
rain high and low then you look at
Fridays high and low and then Thursdays
high and low not Sundays Sundays are
treated differently the only information
I pull from Sunday is the opening on the
new week opening Gap I don't care about
anything else on Sunday the only
importance that you're getting on
Sundays I don't care about the high I
don't care about the low prior to
trading into you know crossing over to
midnight and New York local time I don't
care about that I'm looking just for the
opening gaps that form on some Sunday
600 p.m. opening that's Forex and that
is Futures it's everything okay um apart
from that Sundays are an a nothing
Burger to me but that is really
important information looking at where
we open at on the new week because you
can take that information that's been
proven here you extend it out in time
and it's useful for weeks and
months and it's alien to people prior to
not learning it from me they have no
idea that it's even there but look how
many times there's setups look how many
setups that form how many times it gives
you a draw on
liquidity these were all things I was
hiding from you when I was out there
just doing it on Twitter just trading
and just just blowing it up it's
literally just over and over and over
again boom boom boom boom
boom smiling to myself thinking you're
never gonna get it you're never gonna
get it it's hidden from you because you
never been
taught and that's why no one's been able
to say oh he got that from s because
everybody's in everybody's book and
everybody's course and there's some old
hats in this industry that watching me
too and they ain't coming out saying
this guy got it from the SE and set
right so main thing is is daily highs
and lows the liquidity above and below
those reference points you want to have
that in your in your list of things to
observe they will act as draws on
liquidity the market will gravitate to
those just like a new week opening Gap
just like a new day opening Gap so it
helps you understand liquidity it helps
you have a steady supply never running
out of
setups you're never going to run out of
yeast as a baker okay you're never ever
ever going to be short changed on
opportunity because there's always going
to be a previous day high and a previous
day low so I'm going to teach you the
basic elements of what I was teaching
when I was on baby Pips back in
2010 when I started out there and
teaching on those threads that I I
vanquished it I I everything I put on
there was mainly YouTube links and when
they pulled some Shenanigans over there
accusing me of sock puppeting do I look
like somebody needs a sock puppet
for Real come on when I showed up
everybody showed up in that chat room
every I mean it was it was the highest
view uh threads over there and still is
but the uh the liquidity below the
previous days low and when we start
getting in close proximity to it okay so
what that means is we're watching price
dropping down and everything in price
action was supporting the idea that it's
going to keep going how do I know that
how can you know that how can you trust
that it isn't going to reverse like
you're you're trading inside this area
here
like what are you what are you feeling
while you looking at the price L like
when you see that what do you trusting
what are you leaning on what's the logic
that tells you this is going to keep
dropping ICT well number one it's trying
to get down to the previous days low
where there's real orders resting below
that what kind of orders sell stops okay
okay so if I know that we're pretty
uniform in the way we keep
dropping my eye goes to what I teach
you
this Candlestick right here is an order
Block it's an upclose
candle if I find that and then every
successive subsequent candle after that
to the right as it's forming as we move
away from it if he comes back up into
this
Candlestick is it able to overtake half
of this
Candlestick L think about like this I'm
teaching you orderflow this is real
orderflow has absolutely no requirements
for level two data people say oh show me
your level two data [__] you in your
gimmicks that stuff doesn't
work you have faith in stuff that's
literally
nonsense you don't need all that stuff
it but it seems technical you feel like
you're a scientific Trader when you have
when all that stuff's on your chart and
it's just clutter and it's a myth so
here is half of that order block okay
did this Candlestick or this Candlestick
come up and touch that halfway point or
which would be mean threshold no that's
exactly what I want to see on an or
block okay the market trades
lower this Candlestick trades up into
this Candlestick so what does that make
this propulsion block so price should do
what it should trade away from that now
in this little area right here we have a
volume imbalance that's what this order
block delivers to this Candlestick this
Candlestick and this Candlestick is
working inside of this inefficiency
where we had the body here this candle's
indecisive it's just basically the open
and close is the same price and we have
a high and a low that's indecisive
usually when you see an indecisive
candle like that you're building a
volume in balance and the next candle
you'll see it's there boom find that in
Steve Nelson's book but the uh the rally
back up just fills in that little void
there it's no bodies it's absent of
having any bodies so the market will do
Patchwork that's the technical term for
it by the way I wasn't supposed to say
that but [__] it it's a live tram the
the algorithm is doing Patchwork where
it fills in these inefficiencies okay so
when it does that then the market
displaces and goes
lower at this moment we can now see it
goes back up trades one more time what
is it digging into the original order
block that is a reclaimed bearish order
block why because we've already moved
away from it and it's coming right back
up into it here it needs to show
immediate response drop lower does it
yes it does and then we retrace back
into this little area here fair value
Gap trades back up into it hits it does
that send price lower
yes price displaces lower takes out this
low trades up into this area here
matches the high here does it have any
willingness to get up in this
inefficiency no no and breaks lower
right there what I have right there is a
market indicating in every shape facet
or form that it's heavy it means it's
really really heavy and it's going to be
easy for it to fall so what is it
reaching for well what are we close to
first thing first order of business
where are we opening up whenever you're
sitting down to a trade whether you're
trading in the afternoon whether you're
trading in the morning stop for a second
stop for a
second I got to take a second
what I'm teaching to you right now okay
is so good I really I really expect some
kind of feedback today because this is
some [__] that this is worth way more
money than I ever charged and I really
want you to think about it when you're
done with this text uh this lesson today
think about what you were introduced to
and how you were taught I taught you
stock placement how to manage a stock
placement how to read order flow how to
read price action how to trust when the
trade's going to keep going how not to
be afraid how to enter these trades I
executed with these trades I showed you
it I proved it to you and I'm giving you
all the details that I always keep to
myself but I'm always leaning to my sons
and saying this is what I'm doing when
they're sitting next to me I'm telling
them all these things as I'm talking out
loud to them may not happen at the
moment like I have to go back as it
starts moving my favor and I'll say the
reason why I did that is I'm doing all
this stuff here but the heaviness in
price is proven right here so I'm
confident that when we traded up into
this area here
I'm not going to see the upper half of
this close in Upper half of this
watch see that now what what have I been
teaching you in 2024 mentorship PD
arrays the highest form the highest
order of order flow around them is when
you're bearish the upper half are not
traded to when they're bullish the lower
half are not traded to that's the
signature that's the thing that you were
never going to learn from me that's one
of the things let's put it that way but
that was I was not going to teach that
to paid mentorship students they didn't
need it if they just used the lowest
entry model the bottom of the um up
candle the the low just use that when I
felt a little bit more generous I'd say
okay go to the opening
press but these things were never
supposed to be given to
you you have Caleb to thank for this so
when he gets out there he starts jaw
Bing give him all that thank you and all
that stuff okay because it's it's him
that's why you're learning it but the
upper half here never trades to it there
so I'm getting short on this Candlestick
as it's already proven here here and
here and I need to be in I need to be in
on the move so that's here I don't trust
that U or I'm I trust rather I do trust
that we're not going in the upper half
of this range here so this is what I'm
visually
seeing as a barrier it's not going going
to go come on M get your eyes fixed here
okay it's not going to go up into this
portion here that's my belief why
because everything all through here is
indicating that it's heavy we're real
heavy we couldn't even do institutional
orderflow entry drill here and we had
this big drop down now when you're
watching this this this might feel like
oh well it's been dropping it's got to
turn around it's got to turn around it
keeps dropping that's not what I'm
thinking why why am I not thinking that
because this is the previous day's low
it's indic
every way it can that is in a hurry to
go down below the previous day's low the
previous days low is like a honey pot it
literally is like a honey pot it's
always there every single day previous
days high and previous days low if we
open in the lower half of the previous
day's range whenever you're sitting down
in front of your charts whenever you're
operating hours are and it opens up your
time to trade if you're in a lower half
of the previous days range you should
always look for some kind of return back
to the previous day's low that's simple
market 101 like it it's it's a normal
thing for that to happen but when you
try to learn or if you learn from other
people that don't have a trade they
don't know that and they're looking for
all these complicated indicator settings
and all this Confluence of all this dumb
[__] that's supposed to be overlaid on
your chart that is a distraction the
only time I'm laying things there
without the chart is I want your eye to
go to what mean what it means to me when
I'm watching price action I am not
wanting it to trade up here once it does
all these things in here I want to be in
on a trade because I know it's getting
ready to take off the very next candle
what does it do it opens and all through
the race as we
go and then we create what another
opportunity for it to create a volume
and balance in here so I'm expecting
price to it opens it trades back up into
this candlesticks
range so this big down close candle it's
not that big in terms of range but in
reference to in relationship to all the
previous candles ranges size it's a
large candle when this candle opens up
here I'm watching to see it dig back up
into this candle I am trusting that it's
not going to go back into the upper half
so I just want to get in any portion of
this lower part of this Candlestick
watch my fill see it here's the low of
that candle right there it opens and
it's digging into this this portion of
the range I want to add to it there you
go selling more and then I get another
opportunity here
what's it digging into the volume
imbalance I want to be filled there as
the candle's going up I'm filling it
right there bang and then what does the
market do rolls over energetically runs
right below some random
level the previous days low and there it
is that's my feel look closely folks
look real close this is the stuff I love
I love twisting the knife in in the guts
of the trolls see that Phil that's one
tick from the
low that's one
tick
baby you're talking to me like I don't
know what I'm talking about in the
comment section but I'm proving to you
that I am the number one day trader on
the [__] planet not YouTube the
planet
so I was making a reference over here
because uh Patrick Wheeling who I like I
I genuinely do like
him I don't watch his stuff anymore but
uh he left a comment in this video
saying that uh
so a breakout of a bull
flag or that was the N Trade not this
one um a breakout of a bull
flag nice so you've been watching my
course that was some funny [__] I shared
that that post with my private
mentorship
students anyway I don't trade bull flags
and bare Flags I fade them um and you
look at the executions I'm actually
getting in at the levels that I teach
that are absolutely not bare flags and I
don't use trend line breakouts but it's
fun I love the B back and forth it's fun
some people in the past have taken
things too too far and did terrible
things but I can have fun ribbing the
next guy and I can take a good ribbing
too it's fun I it makes it fun I don't
look at every little uh snide remark as
a a personal attack it's it's fun it's
it's nice it's like shop talk and the
people that worked on the floor they did
this [__] all day long and when you're
in the locker room with the the football
players and baseball players it's the
same thing it's just like when you're on
a construction site you're working
you're not going to be Patty Cakes and
you know pats on the back all the time
you're going to mess with somebody
because it's just it's to get the the
the juices one to ruffle the feathers
it's fun but uh tell me how that logic
right there I couldn't have made that
any better to get that exit price I have
to have the fill that the low of the
candle forms it's only one tick it's one
tick difference
so anticipating this large ranges down
incoming in the recording is because we
were approaching Monday's low and it's
going to dig aggressively and fast to
get down there and get those orders
because as it's going closer to that
previous day's low anyone that has their
stop down there has the ability to do
what quickly say I'm getting out and I'm
going to protect myself and remove the
order think about it you would probably
do that same thing you've probably done
it many times the few times you actually
use a real stop loss you start thinking
oh no I gotta get out here let me take
the stop off but anyone that's short
they need those orders to be there to
get out so the first run into them is
always going to be fast and sudden boom
sudden real quick because they don't
want to let them pull the
order and that's the signature that when
I am saying I'm expecting speed I want
to see distance and speed or I want to
see the magnetude of the move to
increase right here I'm indicating that
I'm expecting the pool of liquidity
that's next in order of business going
lower or higher they're going to quickly
run for that because they are not going
to let them pull those orders
so as the algorithm delivers lower lower
lower when it gets in a proximity of
this low it will naturally speed
up what does that mean it does not
matter how many people are coming in to
buy it and it doesn't matter how many
people are selling short that's why when
you're watching price it's here then
it's here and you think it's took a long
time for that one minute candle to do
all that it's gaping down it's it's very
speedily dropping and it's keeps
offering lower prices and it gaps lower
and lower and lower and lower and inside
these individual candles look at them
study them if you have access to do like
a 1sec chart 5-sec chart you'll see it's
poorest price action it's not a smooth
one single candle stick of movement
going lower it's jumping and skipping
down there because it needs to get
quickly down below that previous day's
low that's a mechanism that's coded
inside of the algorithm which cancels
out all the Tom for [__] that people
say from myopic perspectives with their
head up their ass and listen to people
that don't know what the [__] they're
talking about when they say it's buying
and selling pressure that's moving price
that is absolutely not it because it's
spooling here it's jumping and skipping
real real fast to get down to those
orders it doesn't need but one contract
one contract to book that price one
contract that's all it's doing it's
going down here no matter how many
people are buying and selling it and the
sooner you realize that the easier this
becomes
but you're arm wrestling me you're arm
wrestling me think you're going to beat
me into sub submission to your idea
[__] it's never happened you're not
trading like me you can't see these
things before I can you can't execute
them like I can but I'm going to believe
your dumb [__] that I left that school
of thought I left that 30 years ago well
not technically 30 years ago about 26
years
ago
think think
if it's logic that's sound and it
repeats then you should be able to go in
the charts and see it repeating what is
it doing over
here and once I say this I'm
done I know I say that a lot but I'm
starving I hung cramps right now we have
a low a lower low and digs in one more
time right in here so it's absorbed all
of the liquidity below Monday's low
and then it rallies
up
liquidity easily digs into
it into
here easily above the relative equal
highs then back down when you start
studying the price action like that who
is at who's at the most vulnerable
position position right now who's making
money what are they targeting and how
can they upset them and why would they
being upset be profitable to some other
entity out there okay well going below
uh Monday's low buying up all the sell
side with the expectation that you're
going to run the highs over here I don't
know I have this on here the uh this is
obvious right I mean this is this is so
obvious and that's what you need to be
panning through your charts Cayla when
you start seeing these things like this
these are the easy loow hanging fruit
objectives they just cannot hide them
from you they are the setups that are
just like one or two or three a
week they're the easy ones you want to
start looking for them and then as you
get better you'll be able to work when
smaller ranges and the things that you
use when you're trading these bigger
ones you're just going to use it because
it's fractal you're going to use these
on a smaller price runs and you'll have
sheer Precision that evades everybody
else every body else and you are
thinking that this can't be done with a
live account because somehow I'm
afraid I'm not afraid I'm not afraid of
that okay it it stuff repeats but I
cannot get out here and entice you with
real money I can't I don't want to do
that I'm not going to do that but when
I'm executing in front of you you're
going to clearly see in the lower leth
hand corner it's going to say paper
trading and you're going to still see
people out there saying yeah but it was
paper trading it's paper trading and
they're going to see these types of
things delivered
and my question is who can come out here
and do the same thing explain beforehand
beforehand what it's going to do why
it's going to reach there that your stop
loss is where I'm going to be placed in
mind the logic behind that that will be
repeating from the logic that's already
been shared or if you think you know
what I'm doing and you're doing it and
you claim that you can do it with a live
account and it's always a live account
with you please let me watch you and I
don't mean that to be condescending I
absolutely love watching Traders I love
it I don't care if they're a different
school of thought I don't care I can
appreciate a Trader I I I I've done this
my entire life and I just wish that
there was more people out there willing
to do it like I want to see it I love it
I think it's amazing I'm not a sports
fan I'm a price fan like I am a fan of
price and if other people engage it and
they want to make it you know if they
want to share it with other people oh
man I'd love to sit in and watch that I
would never talk smack about anybody
that does that I I I've never never been
in anybody's live stream ever it's never
happened where I've said that's [__]
that's that's bub if they said something
about my own stuff I'll correct
them but I have never talked down about
anybody else's stuff because it's rude
if they're if they're if they're trading
it and they're making money who am I to
say anything about that I I'm completely
confident that I don't need to say
anything about what they're doing
because my stuff is superior I don't
need to go around and bark about it but
in my own content I have every right to
do that and people come to to my house
and act like I shouldn't talk the way I
talk like you're a guest in my house
don't tell me how I'm going to act I'm
going to act the way I want to act go
somewhere else if if you don't like what
I'm teaching or talking about but that's
the business there and I
think that's enough for one day it's uh
going on one o'clock I put some hours in
with you
today I sure hope those payments come in
for all this stuff get me a Tic Tac here
a
day
so if you like what you seen today if
you learned something
today give it a thumbs up even though it
doesn't look you can't do it I see them
it's still there so that's your little
feedback um but I don't need to show it
to everybody else you can see
everybody's you they usually thumb it up
a lot and then we'll be back at it again
tomorrow I I
believe make sure I say this right
today's
Tuesday
Wednesday we might do a Wednesday
afternoon session because I have PL
on Thursday so Thursday will be a
definite early session so we're
definitely going to close shop Thursday
at 10:30 um and that there's no chance
of that going longer because I have a
family member here that only has enough
time to spend with me in the afternoon
so I have to make sure I get done get
cleaned up have something to eat and I
and spend time with them and before they
they fly out but
uh so yeah we'll do Wednesday afternoon
I'll start the stream tomorrow at uh
1:30 p.m. eastern time so I'll probably
sit in tomorrow some of the people I
like watching live stream I I'll be
watching them while I have breakfast or
whatnot and then I'll start my stream at
1:30 tomorrow and then we'll go probably
till probably the close I'll aim for the
close unless it's something like I'm if
I'm satisfied with tomorrow's discussion
and we want to close earlier or if I
want to close it earlier then I'll do
that but just expect 1:30 tomorrow to
4:00 so we'll we'll worry about what
price action is doing in the afternoon
tomorrow and then uh we'll meet up then
so 1:30 tomorrow till I talk to you next
time be safe